---
title: 5.2.7 - Oct 2015
identifier: ref_eZLUq05q
updated_at: 2015-10-20 00:00
layout: article_with_sidebar
lang: en
order: 978
categories:
- Changelog
---

## List of updated modules

*   Add2CartPopup
*   Akismet
*   AmazonS3Images
*   AuctionInc
*   AustraliaPost
*   AuthorizeNet
*   AvaTax
*   Beanstream
*   CanadaPost
*   ColorSchemes
*   ContactUs
*   Coupons
*   CustomProductTabs
*   CustomerAttachments
*   DeTranslation
*   DrupalConnector
*   EMS
*   ESelectHPP
*   Egoods
*   FedEx
*   FileAttachments
*   FrTranslation
*   FreeShipping
*   GoSocial
*   Moneybookers
*   MultiCurrency
*   MultiVendor
*   NetbanxHostedPayment
*   News
*   NextPreviousProduct
*   NlTranslation
*   OgoneEcommerce
*   PINCodes
*   PayUIndia
*   PayWithAmazon
*   Paypal
*   PoliPayment
*   ProductAdvisor
*   ProductComparison
*   ProductFilter
*   ProductVariants
*   Reviews
*   Robokassa
*   RuTranslation
*   SagePay
*   Sale
*   SalesTax
*   ShopGate
*   SimpleCMS
*   SimplifyCommerce
*   Sitemap
*   SocialLogin
*   SofortBanking
*   Stripe
*   ThemeTweaker
*   TinyMCE
*   UPS
*   USPS
*   UserPermissions
*   VirtualMerchant
*   VolumeDiscounts
*   Wholesale
*   XMLSitemap
*   XPaymentsConnector
*   YandexMoney

## New Modules

*   Custom Order Statuses
*   Chronopay
*   DatatransUPP
*   DibsFlexWin
*   Disable drag’n’drop
*   [eWAY Stored payments (Shared)](http://xcn.myjetbrains.com/youtrack/issue/XCN-4277)
*   Geolocation
*   Product Tags
*   Pitney Bowes integration
*   WorldPayHPP

## Improvements

*   2015-10-01 - [Change] Multivendor: Added "Warehouse"/"Vendors as separate shops" modes. Added coupon and discount management capabilities for vendors. Added notifications about new orders for vendors. #XCN-5517 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2015-10-01 - [Change] Multivendor: Added support for vendor commission rates and PayPal's Adaptive payments. #XCN-5592 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-10-01 - [Change] Added the 'Operate as this user' feature. #XCN-5570 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-09-29 - [Change] Changed the way Hard/Soft reset links work. The Hard reset link now switches off all the modules except for the modules developed by X-Cart team. The Soft reset link switches off all the modules except for the ones developed by X-Cart team and Qualiteam. #XCN-5709 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-09-21 - [Change] FedEx: Implemented a new version of API. #XCN-5706 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-09-21 - [Change] Improvements for the Bestsellers module. #XCN-5812 (Kirill Stadler)

## Fixes

*   2015-10-09 - [Bug] Order List Status Drop downs did not work in IE. Fixed. #BUG-2283 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-10-06 - [Bug] Empty fields in 'Address details' dialogs. Fixed. #BUG-2268 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-10-02 - [Bug] Products with a zero stock quantity but non-zero variant stock quantities were not displayed in the search results. Fixed. #BUG-2226 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-10-02 - [Bug] Text attribute values of ordered products were lost after order modification. Fixed. #BUG-2245 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-10-01 - [Bug] Alt text for images did not work for categories. Fixed. #BUG-2244 (Kirill Stadler)
*   2015-09-30 - [Bug] A Free shipping coupon did not affect the shipping cost of the products in cart after being applied. Fixed. #BUG-2203 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-09-29 - [Bug] Multivendor: Vendor details can now be defined in multiple languages. #BUG-1993 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2015-09-28 - [Bug] The Print invoice button did not work for anonymous customers. Fixed. #BUG-2200 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-09-27 - [Bug] The SKU field was not automatically populated if left blank when creating a product. Fixed. #BUG-2209 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-09-27 - [Bug] The Address book button did not work properly on the checkut page (Internet Explorer). Fixed. #BUG-2176 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-09-25 - [Bug] Category images were not resized after import. Fixed. #BUG-2191 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-09-22 - [Bug] The logo image was not resized properly in email notifications. Fixed. #BUG-2143 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-09-22 - [Bug] Fixed the styles for screen resolutions lower than 992px. #BUG-2057 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-09-22 - [Bug] CDev\AmazonS3Images: Added resized images to the process of Amazon S3 migration. Changed the format for resized image naming. Fixed the bug with non-standard letters in the image file names. #BUG-2158 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-09-22 - [Bug] Bulleted lists were shown differently for the admin and customer areas. Fixed. #BUG-1944 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-09-18 - [Bug] The 'Ooops' page was returning the 500 http status code. Fixed. #BUG-2145 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-09-18 - [Bug] The button 'Buy now with PayPal' had an incorrect placement on iPad. Fixed. #BUG-2102 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-09-17 - [Bug] Weight template did not have a unique class. Added the class 'product-weight'. #BUG-2087 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-09-17 - [Bug] Import of categories with category images did not work if the images were in the 'var/import' folder. Fixed. #BUG-1977 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-09-16 - [Bug] Menu selection did not work for some pages (ex. target=contact_us). Fixed. #BUG-1950 (Kirill Stadler)
*   2015-09-16 - [Bug] Egoods module: Fixed the styles for the download link on the invoice page. #BUG-1954 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-09-14 - [Bug] Wrong title attribute of thumbnail images on the product listings. Fixed. #BUG-1923 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-09-14 - [Bug] Integer and Float form fields did not allow for negative numbers. Fixed. #BUG-2174 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-09-14 - [Bug] Fatal error on open admin.php?target=category&id=1\. Fixed. #BUG-1942 (Kirill Stadler)
*   2015-09-14 - [Bug] Email Headers & signatures : HTML code was changed by WYSIWYG. Fixed. #BUG-2130 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-09-11 - [Bug] Paypal incontext checkout did not work properly when HTTPS was enabled for the store and customer was using HTTP. Fixed. #BUG-2071 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-09-10 - [Bug] Wrong image height was used in template. The method Controller\Customer\ACustomer::getDefaultMaxImageSize() always returned width. Fixed. #BUG-2116 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-09-10 - [Bug] The button 'Enable HTTPS' was displayed after HTTPS had already been enabled (under some conditions). Fixed. #BUG-2132 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-09-10 - [Bug] If an attempt to create a new admin user failed, the role assigned to them was deleted. Fixed. #BUG-2124 (Kirill Stadler)
*   2015-09-08 - [Bug] Data range widget on the orders list page in admin area did not take the time zone into account. Fixed. #BUG-2160 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-09-08 - [Bug] Admin could not remove global attribute options from products. Fixed. #BUG-2140 (Kirill Stadler)
*   2015-09-07 - [Bug] Footer menu links were sorted backwards. Fixed. #BUG-2157 (Kirill Stadler)
*   2015-08-20 - [Bug] A speed-up for the 'Correct categories structure' routine. #BUG-1884 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-08-19 - [Bug] Breadcrumb navigation: A long list of subcategories affected product page representation. Fixed. #BUG-2092 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-08-18 - [Bug] Shipping cost was shown as $0 for purchases made using PayPal Payments Advanced. Fixed. #BUG-2075 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2015-08-13 - [Bug] Added the setting "Maximum products per category listing page" with the default value 100\. #BUG-2084 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-08-07 - [Bug] The Product filter section did not appear on category pages in some cases. Fixed. #BUG-2062 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-08-07 - [Bug] The "Hide trailing zeros in fractional part" feature did not work in the Minicart. Fixed. #BUG-2088 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-08-05 - [Bug] Social login module: Incorrect error message. Fixed. #BUG-2076 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-08-04 - [Bug] Changing admin status from 'enabled' to 'disabled' resulted in a fatal error. Fixed. #BUG-2069 (Kirill Stadler)
*   2015-08-03 - [Bug] Wrong link in the 'Low stock warning' notification. Fixed. #BUG-2003 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-08-03 - [Bug] Misaligned address sections on the invoice page. Fixed. #BUG-2068 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-07-31 - [Bug] The "Upload attachment" popup box remained displayed on the page after a file was uploaded. Fixed. #BUG-2067 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-07-30 - [Bug] Bulleted lists did not work for custom product tabs. Fixed. #BUG-1890 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-07-28 - [Bug] X-Cart did not allow to add a new product with an empty UPC/ISBN field. Fixed. #BUG-2061 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-07-27 - [Bug] The server variable 'post_max_size' is now checked for the file upload routine. #BUG-2058 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-07-27 - [Bug] The "How to show out of stock products" setting did not work properly for PIN codes. Fixed. #BUG-1801 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-07-23 - [Bug] The Low stock warning email notification was sent when the quantity of a product was updated by administrator. Fixed. #BUG-1735 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-07-23 - [Bug] Go Social html was still present after the module had been deleted. Fixed. #BUG-1870 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-07-22 - [Bug] Css have been improved for the "Specification" tab on the product details page. #BUG-1980 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-07-22 - [Bug] "Pos" values of categories were calculated incorrectly when there were 300+ subcategories within one category. Fixed. #BUG-1924 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-07-20 - [Bug] The language label 'An error occurred, please try again. If the problem persists, contact the administrator.' could not be translated. Fixed. #BUG-1867 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-07-17 - [Bug] Callback target is now always open (regardless of storefront accessibility). #BUG-1799 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-07-17 - [Bug] "Change option" popup layout issue (products with long titles). Fixed. #BUG-1866 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-07-16 - [Bug] Moved the default meta description to the language variable 'default-meta-description'. #BUG-2008 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-07-16 - [Bug] Pagination on the "Add payment method" popup did not work properly. Fixed. #BUG-1959 (Michael Lipinski)