---
title: 5.2.6 - 22 Jul 2015
identifier: ref_ts110yEE
updated_at: 2015-07-26 00:00
layout: article_with_sidebar
lang: en
order: 979
categories:
- Changelog
---

## List of updated modules

*   Add2CartPopup
*   Akismet
*   AuctionInc
*   AuthorizeNet
*   AvaTax
*   Beanstream
*   CanadaPost
*   Catalog
*   CustomerAttachments
*   Demo
*   EBSIndia
*   EMS
*   EPDQ
*   ESelectHPP
*   Egoods
*   FedEx
*   FreeShipping
*   GoSocial
*   IdealPayments
*   InternetSecure
*   Moneybookers
*   MultiCurrency
*   MultiVendor
*   NetbanxHostedPayment
*   News
*   NextPreviousProduct
*   OgoneEcommerce
*   PINCodes
*   PayUIndia
*   Paypal
*   PoliPayment
*   ProductAdvisor
*   ProductFilter
*   ProductReviews
*   ProductVariants
*   Qiwi
*   Quantum
*   RESTAPI
*   Reviews
*   Robokassa
*   RuTranslation
*   SagePay
*   Sale
*   ShopGate
*   SimpleCMS
*   SimplifyCommerce
*   Sitemap
*   SofortBanking
*   Stripe
*   ThemeTweaker
*   TinyMCE
*   TwoCheckout
*   TwoFactorAuthentication
*   UPS
*   USPS
*   Upselling
*   UserPermissions
*   VAT
*   VirtualMerchant
*   WebMasterMode
*   WebmasterKit
*   Webmoney
*   Wholesale
*   XMLSitemap
*   XPaymentsConnector
*   YandexMoney

## Improvements

*   2015-07-14 - [Change] Added the ability to sort payment methods by merchant country. #XCN-5585 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-06-10 - [Change] Module FreeShipping: Added the ability to specify a shipping freight fixed fee for products. Renamed the module to "Free shipping and Shipping freights". #XCN-5459 (Vladimir Semyonov)

## Fixes

*   2015-07-16 - [Bug] A wrong path was used for module email templates. Fixed. #BUG-2010 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2015-07-16 - [Bug] Added a lock file for cron task to prevent parallel execution. #BUG-1540 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-07-16 - [Bug] HTTPS settings page improvement (messages, styles). #BUG-1566 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-07-16 - [Bug] Fixed the image URL for the case when the image file name contains special symbols (e.g. %). Increased the size of the 'mime' field (64 -> 128). #BUG-1987 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-07-16 - [Bug] Fatal error on order page if the state used in the order is deleted. Fixed. #BUG-1998 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-07-15 - [Bug] Authorize.net SIM : No declined message was displayed when a transaction failed. Fixed. #BUG-1997 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-07-15 - [Bug] Added the ability to install a module if disk_free_space returns 'Null'. #BUG-1718 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-07-14 - [Bug] Unable to attach bmp image to product. FIxed. #BUG-2002 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-07-14 - [Bug] Product info popup window: Minimum purchase quantity overlapping issue. Fixed. #BUG-1891 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-07-14 - [Bug] "Add to Cart" button displaying in the list view of categories even after the "Catalog" module has been installed. Fixed. #BUG-2014 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-07-08 - [Bug] Wholesale prices were shown without taxes. FIxed. #BUG-1973 (Kirill Stadler)
*   2015-07-03 - [Bug] Incorrect order of the Subtotal, Shipping & VAT amounts on the checkout & invoice pages. Fixed. #BUG-1934 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-07-01 - [Bug] Fixed CSS for the invoice page for mobile view. #BUG-1962 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-07-01 - [Bug] FedEx module: Fixed double weight conversion. Minor improvement for the 'weight' field on the 'Product modify' page. #BUG-1967 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-06-30 - [Bug] Improved category pages and product search navigation (customer interface). #BUG-1978 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-06-29 - [Bug] PIN Codes call to undefined method fatal error. Fixed. #BUG-1964 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-06-29 - [Bug] MultiCurrency: Currency could not be changed if the option 'Use views cache' was enabled. #BUG-1972 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-06-25 - [Bug] VAT module: A valid VAT number removed the VAT value from the cart for customer when the customer was from the same country as the shop contact details. Fixed. #BUG-1936 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-06-25 - [Bug] A deleted product remained in the shopping minicart after it had been deleted. Fixed. #BUG-1955 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-06-24 - [Bug] JS date widget is used localization settings for date. #BUG-1689 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-06-23 - [Bug] Yes/No attribute import fix. #BUG-1863 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2015-06-18 - [Bug] When sorting by price, X-Cart 5 ignored discounts provided by the Sale module. Fixed. #BUG-1716 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-06-18 - [Bug] Added product variant images to the export/import procedure. #BUG-1922 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-06-17 - [Bug] 404 page text is not wrapped in any element. Fixed. #BUG-1869 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-06-16 - [Bug] USPS had duplicate shipping methods. Fixed. #BUG-1880 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-06-16 - [Bug] GoSocial module: Custom OG meta tags could not be saved for product and static page. Import ogMetaTag field did not work (tags were stripped). Fixed. #BUG-1915 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-06-15 - [Bug] A product was marked as Out of stock if its first variant had qty=0\. FIxed. #BUG-1882 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-06-15 - [Bug] Improvement related to import warnings/errors. #BUG-1496 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-06-11 - [Bug] Relative paths are now used for the minimization procedure (css/js). #BUG-1903 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2015-06-10 - [Bug] When an order was placed, the confirmation notification was sent without an order number (Authorize.Net CIM). Fixed. #BUG-1874 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2015-06-09 - [Bug] Disabled categories were shown on the Sitemap page. Fixed. #BUG-1868 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2015-06-04 - [Bug] Attribute modifier values were not updated on the product details page when a customer changed the product variant. Fixed. #BUG-1822 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2015-06-02 - [Bug] Product filtering box failed to appear if configured using product classes (related to the "Classes for product filter" setting). Fixed. #BUG-1821 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2015-05-28 - [Bug] Added a brief description for news. #BUG-1522 (Michael Lipinski)