---
title: 5.2.14 - 29 Apr 2016
identifier: ref_Re6UIpmU
updated_at: 2016-04-29 00:00
layout: article_with_sidebar
lang: en
order: 970
categories:
- Changelog
---

## New modules

*   Pilibaba
*   Order Messages
*   China Translation

## Improvements

*   2016-04-18 - [Change] Some fixes and improvements for the module Multivendor (bugs affected the display of discounts/taxes/coupons and the sending of notifications). #XCN-6445 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-03-16 - [Change] Added vendor rating (calculated based on the average rating of all the vendor's products). #XCN-6232 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-03-03 - [Change] Minor improvements affecting the way a coupon is displayed on the shopping cart page / checkout page / invoice. A discount is now displayed in % for percentage based coupons. #XCN-6260 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-02-18 - [Change] The setting "Show only available attributes and tags for products in category" in the module Product Filter now affects the display of tags on the category page in the filter. #XCN-6242 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-02-01 - [Change] Added the ability to change the vendor of an existing product. #XCN-6142 (Maxim Kuznetsov)

## Fixes

*   2016-04-20 - [Bug] Incorrect processing of the subscription field (Mailchimp module) at checkout if the payment method Paypal Express Checkout was used. Fixed. #BUG-2701 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-04-19 - [Bug] Fatal error when importing products - if more than one products were using the same UPC/ISBN value. Fixed. #BUG-3115 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-04-19 - [Bug] When the option "Enable a popup after a product is added to cart via drag-n-drop" was disabled, the popup sometimes got displayed all the same. Fixed. #BUG-2859 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-04-18 - [Bug] Problem with images when cloning a product with SSL enabled. Fixed. #BUG-2844 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-04-18 - [Bug] Error on category page when using filters on PHP 5.3.x. Fixed. #BUG-3112 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-04-18 - [Bug] Skrill payment method configuration page updated. #BUG-2890 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-04-18 - [Bug] https protocol is now used for canonical URL if https is enabled for the store. #BUG-3114 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-04-15 - [Bug] Improved the way the Reviews tab is displayed on mobile devices. #BUG-3109 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-04-15 - [Bug] Incorrect shipping cost was displayed in the invoice when using UPS/DHL + Pay with Amazon. Fixed. #BUG-3093 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-04-15 - [Bug] In the "Quick view" popup dialog, the image did not change when selecting a different variant. Fixed. #BUG-2840 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-04-14 - [Bug] RESTAPI did not allow the use of html tags in product descriptions. Fixed. #BUG-3105 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-04-13 - [Bug] The Tags field was not copied when cloning a product. Fixed. #BUG-3092 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-04-13 - [Bug] Modules selected for removal were not removed during the upgrade process. Fixed. #BUG-3083 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-04-13 - [Bug] The buttons Export all and Export selected were not working in IE 11\. Fixed. #BUG-3091 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-04-12 - [Bug] State codes were always used for PayPal, which caused an error when using PayPal Australia (PayPal Australia requires full state names to be passed). Fixed. #BUG-3090 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-04-11 - [Bug] The label "Only x left in stock" was displayed on a product listing even when the product was out of stock. #BUG-3082 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-04-07 - [Bug] The "Page not found" page can no longer be indexed by crawlers. #BUG-3065 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-04-07 - [Bug] When using the Amazon S3 Images module, http protocol was always used for images - even if the site was accessed via https. #BUG-3081 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-04-06 - [Bug] Order search by date was performed incorrectly if server time zone did not match that of the store itself. Fixed. #BUG-3070 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-04-06 - [Bug] A global attribute was imported incorrectly if some product had a product specific attribute of the same name. Fixed. #BUG-3076 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-04-06 - [Bug] Sales tax was calculated incorrectly if the same store had VAT tax set up. Fixed. #BUG-3062 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-04-06 - [Bug] Facebook Like button was missing on static pages. Fixed. #BUG-3077 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-04-05 - [Bug] Quick data was calculated incorrectly during product import. Fixed. #BUG-3068 (Kirill Stadler)
*   2016-04-04 - [Bug] Offline shipping methods were not shown at checkout if the request to real-time shipping calculator was not completed correctly because of an error. Fixed. #BUG-3064 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-03-31 - [Bug] Fatal error on the modules page if the search query contained a single quote character. Fixed. #BUG-3024 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-03-31 - [Bug] Enabling the option "'inc/ex VAT' labels next to prices" = "On all catalog pages" did not result in the display of the label on product listings. Fixed. #BUG-3051 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-03-31 - [Bug] VAT was not displayed on the invoice printable from the order page in the store's Admin area. Fixed. #BUG-3049 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-03-30 - [Bug] Reduced the number of database calls during AOM calculations. #BUG-2853 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-03-30 - [Bug] Improved the display of the store's pages in the Print page mode. #BUG-3054 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-03-30 - [Bug] The contents of the weight field on the page of a product in the Customer front end was not updated when a different weight modifier based option was selected. Fixed. #BUG-3057 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-03-29 - [Bug] "Including VAT" was removed from the cart page with a list of products. #BUG-2871 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-03-28 - [Bug] Fatal error on product page if the market price field was empty. Fixed. #BUG-3014 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-03-25 - [Bug] When clearing the search conditions on the order search page, the order total condition value was not cleared. Fixed. #BUG-3026 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-03-24 - [Bug] Fatal error related to race condition in the Multi-vendor module when adding a product to cart. Fixed. #BUG-3032 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-03-22 - [Bug] Flyout Categories Menu optimization, reduction in the number of database calls. #BUG-2973 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-03-17 - [Bug] A product was displayed as out of stock although one of its variants has a stock level greater than 0\. Fixed. #BUG-2954 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-03-17 - [Bug] VAT value was not sent in the first notification about a created order. Fixed. #BUG-2999 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-03-11 - [Bug] In stores with a large number of orders, order numbers could be duplicated. Fixed. #BUG-2928 (nikita)
*   2016-03-11 - [Bug] On the Payment Transactions page, search based on the Public id field worked incorrectly. Fixed. #BUG-2941 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-03-11 - [Bug] Wrong format was used for transaction id in the iDeal Professional Rabobank payment method. #BUG-2905 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-03-04 - [Bug] VAT was calculated incorrectly if the order was edited via the Admin area. #BUG-2794 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-03-04 - [Bug] Prices were re-calculated incorrectly when doing AOM-style editing of an order containing products with price modifier based options. Fixed. #BUG-2796 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-03-03 - [Bug] Wrong format of USPS request if a shipping address outside the United States was used. Fixed. #BUG-2906 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-03-03 - [Bug] Changed some error messages that can be shown on the checkout page as a reaction to certain errors from PayPal. #BUG-2836 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-03-03 - [Bug] Some sections got duplicated on the cart page when removing products if Paypal Credit payment method was configured. Fixed. #BUG-2908 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-03-02 - [Bug] A wrong slash character was used on Windows servers when using 3rd party skins. Fixed. #BUG-2899 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-03-02 - [Bug] USPS First Class Package Service rate was not shown. Fixed. #BUG-2895 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-03-01 - [Bug] Search total was calculated incorrectly on the order page when searching for orders by date. Fixed. #BUG-2910 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-03-01 - [Bug] On vendor registration page, the selectbox "Pending membership" was displayed. Fixed. #BUG-2880 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-03-01 - [Bug] Administrator could not download a product attachment in the Admin area if the module Multi-Vendor was used. Fixed. #BUG-2894 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-03-01 - [Bug] JS error on a product page without images in the Customer front end. Fixed. #BUG-2914 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-02-18 - [Bug] On the Admin area home page a message is now displayed encouraging the user to disable the module Webmaster Kit on production servers. #BUG-2816 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-02-18 - [Bug] Webmaster mode was not functioning in IE 11\. Fixed. #BUG-2857 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-02-16 - [Bug] VAT was calculated incorrectly on the checkout page if the billing address zone was changed. Fixed. #BUG-2878 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-02-15 - [Bug] When using filters, the user is no longer redirected to a separate page with filtered results; the results are loaded on the same page with AJAX. #BUG-2863 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-02-15 - [Bug] Product page was displayed incorrectly if the image of the default variant was very narrow and the images of the other variants were wide. Fixed. #BUG-2858 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-02-15 - [Bug] VAT was calculated incorrectly if a coupon or a discount had been applied. Fixed. #BUG-2685 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-02-12 - [Bug] Added a new setting "Sort order for class attributes" for the module Product Filter (allows to adjust the sort order of attributes in the filter - alphabetically or manually). #BUG-2829 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-02-12 - [Bug] Self XSS in AOM in the fields Staff Note and Customer Note. Fixed. #BUG-2869 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-02-12 - [Bug] Customer zip code was missing in Packing Slip. #BUG-2875 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-01-26 - [Bug] PayPal refund callback was processed incorrectly (The refunded sum was not saved correctly in the order history). #BUG-2631 (Michael Lipinski)