---
title: 5.3.3.2 - 01 Aug 2017
lang: en
layout: article_with_sidebar
updated_at: 2017-08-15 15:00 +0400
identifier: ref_5332changelog
order: 818
---

## Improvements

* 2017-08-01 - [Change] Adapt 1C Integration for X-Cart 5.3.3.x. #XCN-8024 (Eugene Dementjev) #OneCIntegration
* 2017-07-21 - [Change] Improved the UI for adding email addresses in the Store Setup -> Contact Information section. #BUG-5207 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-07-20 - [Change] Added a new setting - Show email - onto the Contact Us page; this setting determines whether the email address should be displayed on the Contact Us page in the Customer area. #BUG-5225 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #ContactUs #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-07-20 - [Change] X-Sendfile can now be used to download heavy file attachments on servers that support this feature. #BUG-5181 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #Egoods
* 2017-07-06 - [Change] Added a page for checking the database for consistency. #XCN-6999 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-06-21 - [Change] Amazon S3 Signed Urls can now be used for Egoods files uploaded as amazon s3 url. #XCN-8079 (Eugene Dementjev) #Egoods

## Fixes

* 2017-07-27 - [Bug] Updated the Provincial rate for Saskatchewan. #BUG-5289 (Eugene Dementjev) #CanadianTaxes
* 2017-07-27 - [Bug] Upload of images to Amazon S3 was not working if the module Multivendor was installed. Fixed. #BUG-5242 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-07-27 - [Bug] Incorrect behavior of the More menu item in Crisp White skin. Fixed. #BUG-5226 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-07-25 - [Bug] Typo in Yandex.Kassa. Fixed. #BUG-5294 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #YandexMoney
* 2017-07-25 - [Bug] JS error during checkout with Simplify payment module enabled. Fixed. #BUG-5293 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-07-25 - [Bug] JS error when creating a new product tab. Fixed. #BUG-5292 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-07-24 - [Bug] When updating the Categories field in a previously created coupon, all the values selected in this field were dropped. Fixed. #BUG-5285 (Sergey Elmanov) #Coupons
* 2017-07-24 - [Bug] Stripe popup was displayed when returning to editing the shipping data during Fast Lane Checkout. Fixed. #BUG-5280 (Michael Lipinski) #GoogleAnalytics #Stripe
* 2017-07-21 - [Bug] Variant images were not switched when switching variants in mobile browsers. Fixed. #BUG-5199 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductVariants
* 2017-07-21 - [Bug] Attribute values could not be edited if the number of values was larger than 15. Fixed. #BUG-5197 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-07-20 - [Bug] After upgrading from 5.3.2.x to 5.3.3.1, the filemanager plugin for the module TinyMCE disappeared. Fixed. #BUG-5271 (Eugene Dementjev) #TinyMCE
* 2017-07-20 - [Bug] Refund button did not work for orders paid for using Stripe. Fixed. #BUG-5270 (Michael Lipinski) #Stripe
* 2017-07-20 - [Bug] When Stripe was used during an FLC checkout, the Place order button was disabled after closing the Stripe popup. #BUG-5243 (Michael Lipinski) #Stripe
* 2017-07-20 - [Bug] Shipping rates could not be assigned to specific zones. Fixed. #BUG-5230 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-07-20 - [Bug] Product search by the tag was working incorrectly. Fixed. #BUG-5228 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductTags
* 2017-07-20 - [Bug] Canadian taxes did not work correctly with the module Multi-vendor enabled. Fixed. #BUG-5212 (Michael Lipinski) #MultiVendor
* 2017-07-19 - [Bug] When uploading an image from a URL with the option "Copy to filesystem" enabled, the image was not copied. Fixed. #BUG-5257 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-07-19 - [Bug] New language labels could not be added on servers with PHP < 7.0. Fixed. #BUG-5248 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #ThemeTweaker
* 2017-07-19 - [Bug] Fatal error on cart.php?target=ordered_files if the purchased file had been removed from the product. Fixed. #BUG-5202 (Sergey Elmanov) #Egoods
* 2017-07-19 - [Bug] After upgrading from 5.3.2.x to 5.3.3.1, the fields for editing the description and full description on the product page were not displayed if the module TinyMCE was enabled. Fixed. #BUG-5198 (Eugene Dementjev) #TinyMCE
* 2017-07-17 - [Bug] On the Order Statuses page, the number of orders was shown incorrectly for orders if the module Multi-Vendor was enabled. Fixed. #BUG-5192 (Sergey Elmanov) #CustomOrderStatuses
* 2017-07-17 - [Bug] Changed the Contact Us page layout. #BUG-5164 (Sergey Elmanov) #ContactUs
* 2017-07-14 - [Bug] In the Warehouse mode, vendors no longer have access to editing the staff note, custom note and add coupon fields. #BUG-5190 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #Coupons #GiftWrapping
* 2017-07-14 - [Bug] Layout issues on the module page. #BUG-5166 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-07-10 - [Bug] Google Search generated an error on the wrong link in the hreflang tag. #BUG-5154 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-07-07 - [Bug] In Crisp White, the pagination widget for products was overlapping with the selectbox for selecting the product sorting mode. #BUG-5160 (Sergey Elmanov) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-07-06 - [Bug] If not all the possible variants had been created, clicking on the "Create all possible variants" link resulted in removing all the existing variants. #BUG-5174 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductVariants
* 2017-07-06 - [Bug] PayPal buttons display issues on the cart page in Crisp White. #BUG-5169 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-06-30 - [Bug] Removed editable attributes yes/no from the Specifications tab. #BUG-5158 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-06-19 - [Bug] Installed addons are no longer displayed in More sales channels. #BUG-5086 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
