---
title: 5.3.1.5 - 10 November 2016
lang: en
layout: article_with_sidebar
updated_at: 2016-11-10 16:13 +0400
identifier: ref_5315changelog
order: 910
---

## Fixes
* 2016-11-10 - [Bug] The Secret key was hardcoded. Fixed. #BUG-4092 (Michael Lipinski) #EBSIndia
* 2016-11-10 - [Bug] Pagination was missing on category pages in Crisp White skin on mobile devices. #BUG-4094 (Sergey Elmanov) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2016-11-10 - [Bug] Fatal error when removing a membership - if some product had a wholesale price based on that membership. #BUG-4091 (Michael Lipinski) #Wholesale
* 2016-11-09 - [Bug] Fatal error as a result of unsuccessful payment attempt by an anonymous customer via Paypal Express Checkout not from the checkout page. #BUG-4085 (Michael Lipinski) #Paypal
* 2016-11-08 - [Bug] dimensionUnit was mistyped as weightUnit, which caused weight information to be passed in centimeters. #BUG-4079 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #UPS
* 2016-11-08 - [Bug] In the Crisp White skin, the 'Settings' item was showing up in the mobile sidebar menu even if the store was using an only currency and an only language. #BUG-4083 (Sergey Elmanov) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2016-11-08 - [Bug] Fatal error in logs when clicking "Reset filter" on a category page if the filter did not contain attributes of the checkbox type (Yes/No attributes). #BUG-4082 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductFilter
* 2016-11-08 - [Bug] During CSV import, the last line in the csv file was ignored. #BUG-4070 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2016-11-07 - [Bug] Webmaster mode was working incorrectly on Windows servers and on Unix-like servers with insufficient permissions for writing new files. #BUG-4060 (Sergey Elmanov) #ThemeTweaker
* 2016-11-07 - [Bug] A wrong order total was displayed on the place order button if the product had a fixed shipping fee. #BUG-4076 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #FreeShipping
* 2016-11-03 - [Bug] JS error in the Quick view popup window on a category page for products with variants. #BUG-4057 (Eugene Dementjev) #ProductVariants #Add2CartPopup
* 2016-11-03 - [Bug] Fatal error on the product editing page if an attempt is made to save a non-unique value in the UPC field. #BUG-4068 (Sergey Elmanov) #SystemFields
* 2016-11-02 - [Bug] The size of the zooming block in cloud zoom was the same, regardless of the browser window size. #BUG-4019 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2016-11-02 - [Bug] The place order button remained disabled in Fast Lane checkout if an invalid email was entered and then replaced with a valid email. #BUG-4059 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #FastLaneCheckout
* 2016-11-02 - [Bug] Product image was not responsive on product page on small screen resolutions (mobile devices). #BUG-3887 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2016-11-02 - [Bug] Problems with page layout if customer address contained a long text string. #BUG-4066 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2016-11-02 - [Bug] On the invoice, the shipping address block was displayed incorrectly on screen widths larger than 550px and smaller than 768px. #BUG-4065 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2016-11-02 - [Bug] Customer email address was not sent in order notification to admin. #BUG-4050 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2016-11-02 - [Bug] Customer address fields were combined on the invoice. Now all the fields, except for first & last name, are displayed on separate lines. #BUG-4069 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2016-11-01 - [Bug] The correctCategoriesStructure method was not called when importing products/categories. #BUG-4049 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2016-11-01 - [Bug] Added removal of options that are no longer used to upgrade hook. #BUG-4055 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductAdvisor
* 2016-11-01 - [Bug] A wrong endpoint was used for live accounts. #BUG-4054 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #PayWithAmazon
* 2016-11-01 - [Bug] A clean URL was not generated for a clone product when the clean URL field was blank and the autogenerate clean URL option was checked. #BUG-4056 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2016-10-28 - [Bug] When using the browser window width of 992px, the minicart icon disappeared in the Crisp White skin. #BUG-4046 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2016-10-28 - [Bug] Theme Tweaker can now override templates in the admin/common/mail/pdf folder (not in the visual mode, but only if the templates have been added manually). #BUG-4043 (Eugene Dementjev) #ThemeTweaker
* 2016-10-28 - [Bug] The "including VAT" text on the product page was misplaced in the Crisp White skin. #BUG-4039 (Sergey Elmanov) #VAT #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2016-10-27 - [Bug] Fatal error in logs if using Fast Lane checkout with the option "Ask anonymous users to create an account or sign in before checkout" disabled. #BUG-3988 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #FastLaneCheckout
* 2016-10-26 - [Bug] Problems with the address book page layout if an address contains a long text string. #BUG-4017 (Michael Lipinski) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2016-10-26 - [Bug] Added the H1 tag on the Customer Reviews page for a product. #BUG-4027 (Eugene Dementjev) #ProductReviews
* 2016-10-25 - [Bug] The On/Off switch did not work for the Header, Greeting and Signature fields of the following types of notifications: Low limit warning, Contact us form submitted (Contact us module), Order tracking information. #BUG-4014 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2016-10-25 - [Bug] The "Including VAT" line was misplaced on the invoice in email notifications. #BUG-3990 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2016-10-25 - [Bug] Product SKUs were not displayed in order details in the Admin area. #BUG-3998 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2016-10-25 - [Bug] Media plugin for TinyMCE updated to help resolve problems with video insertion. #BUG-4020 (Michael Lipinski) #TinyMCE
* 2016-10-25 - [Bug] In the process of bulk product editing duplicate tags were created for each product instead of assigning a common tag to all the products. #BUG-3981 (Michael Lipinski) #ProductTags
* 2016-10-24 - [Bug] Sometimes the invoice did not show the currency chosen by the buyer. #BUG-4015 (Michael Lipinski) #MultiCurrency
* 2016-10-24 - [Bug] Fatal error on order creation if the module MultiCurrency is active and the option "Send the PDF version of invoices in the attachments" is enabled. #BUG-4016 (Michael Lipinski) #MultiCurrency
* 2016-10-24 - [Bug] Added the symfony/polyfill-iconv library. #BUG-3991 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2016-10-21 - [Bug] Search total was calculated incorrectly on the orders page of the Admin area if searching by date range. #BUG-3987 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2016-08-16 - [Bug] On mobile devices, in the standard skin, the tabs on the my account page in the customer area changed their orientation to vertical on small screen resolutions. #BUG-3716 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2016-11-10 - [Bug] Re-Captcha updated to version V2. #BUG-4087 (Sergey Elmanov) #ContactUs
* 2016-11-10 - [Bug] Fatal error when removing a customer subscribed  to the store newsletter. #BUG-4093 (Michael Lipinski) #NewsletterSubscriptions
