---
lang: en
layout: article_with_sidebar
updated_at: '2017-10-31 11:44 +0400'
identifier: ref_5340changelog
title: 5.3.4.0 - 31 Oct 2017
order: 800
published: true
---
## Improvements
* 2017-10-27 - [Change] 'Description editor' in customer area works now for categories and static pages. #BUG-5664 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #SimpleCMS #ThemeTweaker #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-10-20 - [Change] Added new setting 'Allow vendors to reply to product ratings and reviews' for MultiVendor. #BUG-5624 (Michael Lipinski) #MultiVendor
* 2017-10-06 - [Change] Added coupons to the import/export of orders. #BUG-5384 (Sergey Elmanov) #Coupons #FreeShipping
* 2017-10-05 - [Change] Optimized the code of the left menu in the Admin area for better performance. #BUG-5193 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-09-27 - [Change] Edited templates from the Look & Feel -> Edited templates section can now be disabled. #BUG-5508 (Sergey Elmanov) #ThemeTweaker
* 2017-09-27 - [Change] PayPal Express Checkout adapted for the new PayPal API version. #XCN-8014 (Sergey Elmanov) #Paypal
* 2017-09-22 - [Change] System logs page improvement: now the entire list of logs is displayed; it is possible to download logs. #BUG-5319 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-09-04 - [Change] Assigning a class to the table tag for ItemsLists was made into a separate method. #BUG-5394 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-07-28 - [Change] Implemented a nice image loading effect for the CrispWhite skin. #XCN-7368 (Sergey Elmanov) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-07-17 - [Change] Currencies are now associated with specific countries. #XCN-8015 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #MultiCurrency

## Fixes
* 2017-10-26 - [Bug] X-XSS-PROTECTION / X-CONTENT-TYPE-OPTIONS / CONTENT-SECURITY-POLICY cookies have been added for customer area. #BUG-5589 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-10-24 - [Bug] Fix video uploading to a server in the Froala WYSIWYG. #BUG-5663 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #Froala
* 2017-10-06 - [Bug] For each event in the order history, it is now specified by whom the event was initiated. #BUG-5402 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #CustomerAttachments
* 2017-10-05 - [Bug] Updated the information on the availability of payment gateways for merchants in specific countries. #BUG-5373 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Skrill #TwoCheckout #Qiwi #IdealPayments #Converge
* 2017-10-05 - [Bug] Fixed some CSS styles so they would pass w3c validation. #BUG-3825 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #SimpleCMS #ThemeTweaker #ProductComparison #ColorSchemes #FastLaneCheckout #CrispWhiteSkin #MultiVendor #ShippingCalc #NextPreviousProduct #Geolocation
* 2017-10-04 - [Bug] Added some tips for the FreeShipping addon. #BUG-5379 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #FreeShipping
* 2017-10-02 - [Bug] It is now possible to sort the list of tax rates. #BUG-5437 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #SalesTax #VAT #CanadianTaxes
* 2017-09-29 - [Bug] Improved the UI for text label editing in the Customer area. #BUG-5543 (Sergey Elmanov) #ThemeTweaker
* 2017-09-22 - [Bug] Updated Froala Editor to version 2.3.5 and introduced the htmlRemoveTags configuration. #BUG-4463 (Eugene Dementjev) #Froala
* 2017-09-12 - [Bug] Added a help tip for the Debug mode setting. #BUG-5392 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #Zapier
* 2017-08-24 - [Bug] Tab name is now used for anchor name generation instead of ID. #BUG-5357 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin #CustomProductTabs
* 2017-08-24 - [Bug] Changed the way to define alt text for images. #BUG-5250 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-08-04 - [Bug] admin_script in the xliteConfig variable in the Customer area is now shown only to logged in administrators. #BUG-5332 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-06-30 - [Bug] Fixed some layout issues and option descriptions for MailChimp. #BUG-5143 (Sergey Elmanov) #MailChimp
* 2017-06-01 - [Bug] Autogenerate CleanURL feature was working incorrectly (Greek characters were skipped). #BUG-5037 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

