---
lang: en
layout: article_with_sidebar
updated_at: '2018-01-29 11:19 +0400'
identifier: ref_5345changelog
title: 5.3.4.5 - 29 Jan 2018
order: 795
published: true
---
## Improvements
* 2017-12-22 - [Change] Added promo rules & promo codes support in the module MailChimp. #XCN-8482 (Sergey Elmanov) #MailChimp
* 2017-12-19 - [Change] Added the controls to block and unblock all the files onto the E-goods tab of the order page in the Admin area. #BUG-5850 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #Egoods
* 2017-12-19 - [Change] Added OAuth for Stripe payment method. #BUG-5843 (Eugene Dementjev) #Stripe
* 2017-12-18 - [Change] W3C validator warning "Warning: The type attribute is unnecessary for JavaScript resources.". Fixed. #BUG-5859 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #Paypal #ThemeTweaker #ProductFilter #Olark #Disqus #FastLaneCheckout #CrispWhiteSkin #MultiVendor #MultiCurrency #NextPreviousProduct #Buy Button #ShopperApproved
* 2017-12-18 - [Change] Fixed some HTML code errors found by the W3C validator. #BUG-5858 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-12-12 - [Change] Added the ability to specify a product's main category. #BUG-5571 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-12-07 - [Change] Various fixes and improvements for the Concierge module. #BUG-5729 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Concierge
* 2017-12-05 - [Change] An order status can no longer be reset to Declined manually. #BUG-5776 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-12-01 - [Change] In MultiVendor, a setting was added allowing to specify an email address to which a notification and invoice should be sent when a payout request is submitted by vendor. #BUG-5785 (Vladimir Semyonov) #MultiVendor
* 2017-10-25 - [Change] Added additional info on the Geolocation module setup. #BUG-5667 (Sergey Elmanov) #Geolocation

## Fixes
* 2018-01-29 - [Bug] Global product tabs were not be enabled for current product if all globals tabs were disabled. Fixed. #BUG-5977 (Sergey Elmanov) #CustomProductTabs
* 2018-01-25 - [Bug] When importing products, the Tags field was processed incorrectly; the current product tags were cleared, and new ones were not created. Fixed. #BUG-5970 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductTags
* 2018-01-25 - [Bug] Fatal error on the PIN codes page in the Admin area after the removal of an order with a PIN code. Fixed. #BUG-5962 (Sergey Elmanov) #PINCodes
* 2018-01-25 - [Bug] The address book was working incorrectly with FLC. Fixed. #BUG-5946 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #FastLaneCheckout
* 2018-01-24 - [Bug] PayPal Buy Now button on the product page was working incorrectly. Fixed. #BUG-5963 (Sergey Elmanov) #Paypal
* 2018-01-24 - [Bug] Server time zone was used for order statistics instead of the X-Cart store time zone. Fixed. #BUG-5938 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2018-01-24 - [Bug] The phone number and phone code fields were included into the customer registration form even when 2-factor authentication for customers was disabled. Fixed. #BUG-5913 (Sergey Elmanov) #TwoFactorAuthentication
* 2018-01-22 - [Bug] Updated the dompdf library to version 0.8.2 (fixed the PHP 7.0.27 incompatibility). #BUG-5954 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2018-01-22 - [Bug] Fatal error when attempting to register a vendor using an email address previously used for registration. Fixed. #BUG-5953 (Sergey Elmanov) #MultiVendor
* 2018-01-22 - [Bug] If all the products in the shopping cart were shippable, the billing address was sent to PayPal as shipping. Fixed. #BUG-5927 (Sergey Elmanov) #Paypal
* 2018-01-22 - [Bug] Product images import did not work properly when importing image duplicates. #BUG-5910 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2018-01-19 - [Bug] Fatal error when attempting to clone a product with file attachments while the module MultiVendor is active. Fixed. #BUG-5941 (Sergey Elmanov) #Egoods #MultiVendor
* 2018-01-19 - [Bug] Information on wholesale prices for memberships was not displayed on the product page. Fixed. #BUG-5933 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #Wholesale
* 2018-01-19 - [Bug] Category path/name are now checked for invalid and 4-byte UTF-8 characters which are not supported. #BUG-5928 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2018-01-18 - [Bug] Yandex.Market feed was generated incorrectly on a large number of products. Fixed. #BUG-5930 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #YandexMarket
* 2018-01-18 - [Bug] Minimum PHP version increased. #BUG-5877 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #BitPay
* 2018-01-17 - [Bug] Fixed some performance issues on category pages with the module MultiVendor enabled and a large number of vendors used. #BUG-5921 (Sergey Elmanov) #MultiVendor
* 2018-01-17 - [Bug] Various layout related bugs on the search page in the Standard skin. Fixed. #BUG-5916 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2018-01-17 - [Bug] Error in logs "XLite [warning] Warning: get_class() expects parameter 1 to be object, string given in /var/run/classes/XLite/Core/Templating/Twig/Template.php on line 78". Fixed. #BUG-5912 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2018-01-17 - [Bug] Error related to the sending of data in JS on the addresses page in the Customer area. Fixed. #BUG-5904 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2018-01-17 - [Bug] "The same as shipping" option at checkout was not working correctly. Fixed. #BUG-5809 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2018-01-15 - [Bug] Setup information added onto the BitPay payment method page. #BUG-5893 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #BitPay
* 2018-01-12 - [Bug] Error when removing a related order in MultiVendor. Fixed. #BUG-5880 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #MultiVendor
* 2018-01-12 - [Bug] When updating the status of an order and adding a tracking number, the tracking number was not sent via email. Fixed. #BUG-5580 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2018-01-11 - [Bug] With AvaTax enabled, the taxes for the shopping cart were calculated at the time of adding a product to the cart, which resulted in a slow-down of the add-to-cart process. Fixed. #BUG-5890 (Eugene Dementjev) #AvaTax
* 2018-01-08 - [Bug] When importing attachments with the module MultiVendor enabled,  they were copied from the folder files/vendor[id]/attachments to the folder files/vendor[id]/attachments/[product_id], which resulted in additional usage of disk space. Fixed. #BUG-5900 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #MultiVendor
* 2018-01-04 - [Bug] PHP 7.2 support added. #BUG-5879 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-12-28 - [Bug] Wrong style of the Sale block in the sidebar with the module Theme Tweaker uninstalled. Fixed. #BUG-5531 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Sale
* 2017-12-27 - [Bug] Changing the address at checkout with FLC enabled caused the form to freeze. Fixed. #BUG-5897 (Eugene Dementjev) #FastLaneCheckout
* 2017-12-27 - [Bug] In CrispWhite, product images were processed incorrectly with Cloud Zoom enabled. Fixed. #BUG-5888 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-12-26 - [Bug] A vendor could create a product review without tying it to a product. Fixed. #BUG-5876 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductReviews
* 2017-12-22 - [Bug] Hyperlinks like http://*.x-cart.com were replaced with links like https://*.x-cart.com. #BUG-5891 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #Egoods #FeaturedProducts #FileAttachments #Paypal #SalesTax #SimpleCMS #SocialLogin #VAT #VolumeDiscounts #Wholesale #ThemeTweaker #PINCodes #RelatedProducts #FreeShipping #BulkEditing #CustomProductTabs #UpdateInventory #Buy Button
* 2017-12-21 - [Bug] Loop redirect when redirecting from admin.php?target=register_vendor to cart.php?target=register_vendor. Fixed. #BUG-5882 (Eugene Dementjev) #MultiVendor
* 2017-12-20 - [Bug] Changed the look of the add review popup in the Admin area. #BUG-5842 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #ProductReviews
* 2017-12-19 - [Bug] A wrong URL was shown in the Social login module settings if clean URLs were enabled. Fixed. #BUG-5868 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #SocialLogin
* 2017-12-18 - [Bug] Sign up function has been updated. #BUG-5865 (Eugene Dementjev) #ShopperApproved
* 2017-12-18 - [Bug] Incorrect process of password recovery for customer when clean URLs were enabled. Fixed. #BUG-5864 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-12-18 - [Bug] The "prev / next product" links were overlapping with breadcrumbs in CrispWhite. Fixed. #BUG-5771 (Eugene Dementjev) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-12-14 - [Bug] The New product event  was sent to Zapier when updating an existing product via import. Fixed. #BUG-5848 (Eugene Dementjev) #Zapier
* 2017-12-14 - [Bug] Error in logs "Error (code: 2): rmdir(var/datacache/HTML): Directory not empty in file". Fixed. #BUG-5847 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-12-14 - [Bug] Made the file upload error message more informative. #BUG-5706 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-12-13 - [Bug] Optimization for search engines. #BUG-5838 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-12-13 - [Bug] Added information about uploaded customer files to order email messages. #BUG-5833 (Sergey Elmanov) #CustomerAttachments
* 2017-12-13 - [Bug] The copy and paste function did not work correctly when editing the email address in the Contact information section in IE and Firefox. Fixed. #BUG-5520 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #Onboarding
* 2017-12-12 - [Bug] When an order was created containing products from different vendors, the order creation information got duplicated. Fixed. #BUG-5827 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #MultiVendor
* 2017-12-12 - [Bug] Image slider buttons were not displayed on the product details page in Crisp White skin in IE. Fixed. #BUG-5400 (Eugene Dementjev) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-12-11 - [Bug] Google fonts used in some skins/themes (for example, Noblesse) were not working in IE11/EDGE. Fixed. #BUG-5782 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-12-07 - [Bug] Error "Error (code: 0): Call to a member function getNameForMessages() on null" in the Order messages module. Fixed. #BUG-5779 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #VendorMessages
* 2017-12-07 - [Bug] When creating a plain field attribute for a product, the sorting of attribute values turned out wrong. #BUG-5688 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-12-06 - [Bug] When editing an invoice with AOM, the selected attribute value was reset to the default attribute value. Fixed. #BUG-5780 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-12-06 - [Bug] When removing all the orders, it was not possible to reset the "Next order #" counter. #BUG-5768 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-12-06 - [Bug] An admin user with the Manage Catalog role could not add a related product. Fixed. #BUG-5764 (Michael Lipinski) #RelatedProducts
* 2017-12-05 - [Bug] Error in logs "Warning: Illegal offset type in /Users/michaellipinski/development/xcart/src/classes/XLite/Model/Order.php on line 3286". Fixed. #BUG-5810 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-12-05 - [Bug] If using a product's widget cache with multiple categories, the product category was shown incorrectly. Fixed. #BUG-5770 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-11-28 - [Bug] A placeholder was working incorrectly in Crisp White. Fixed. #BUG-5765 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-11-23 - [Bug] The favicon was not displayed on certain pages in Edge/IE. Fixed. #BUG-5687 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #SimpleCMS
* 2017-11-22 - [Bug] When a customer was redirected to PayPal Express Checkout, the order created by NFO was lacking all useful information. Fixed. #BUG-5601 (Sergey Elmanov) #Paypal #NotFinishedOrders
* 2017-11-21 - [Bug] The message about wholesale prices defined for a product was displayed incorrectly. Fixed. #BUG-5750 (Sergey Elmanov) #Wholesale
* 2017-11-21 - [Bug] On image upload, the local image filepath was determined incorrectly. Fixed. #BUG-5655 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-11-20 - [Bug] The shipping calculation formula was not updated before it was saved. Fixed. #BUG-5737 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-11-20 - [Bug] A wrong page was displayed to a user attempting to access a page restricted by membership. Fixed. #BUG-5582 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-11-09 - [Bug] Fatal error when creating/updating a product. Fixed. #BUG-5708 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #GoSocial
* 2017-11-09 - [Bug] The status of an order containing shippable products was automatically reset to Delivered after an egood file from that order had been downloaded. Fixed. #BUG-5692 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #Egoods #FileAttachments
* 2017-11-09 - [Bug] The Confirm delivery button is no longer provided to the customer in MultiVendor if the product is not a shippable one. #BUG-5577 (Sergey Elmanov) #MultiVendor
* 2017-11-02 - [Bug] Add to cart button was displayed on the comparison table page for coming soon products. Fixed. #BUG-5598 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductAdvisor #ProductComparison #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-11-01 - [Bug] Error "Error (code: 0): Call to a member function getId() on null" in the module Coupons. Fixed. #BUG-5625 (Sergey Elmanov) #Coupons
* 2017-11-01 - [Bug] Warning in logs "XLite [warning] Warning: array_values() expects parameter 1 to be array, null given in classes/XLite/Module/XC/NextPreviousProduct/View/Product/Details/Customer/NextPreviousProduct.php on line 445". Fixed. #BUG-5585 (Sergey Elmanov) #NextPreviousProduct
* 2017-10-27 - [Bug] AuthorizeNet SIM: Added a check to verify that the operation mode enabled in the module settings (TEST/LIVE) matches the operation mode stated in the payment processor response. #BUG-5673 (Sergey Elmanov) #AuthorizeNet
* 2017-10-27 - [Bug] Wrong sorting direction was used when sorting by date on the Coming soon page. Fixed. #BUG-5559 (Michael Lipinski) #ProductAdvisor
* 2017-10-26 - [Bug] W3C validation error "Element li not allowed as child of element div in this context.". Fixed. #BUG-5677 (Michael Lipinski) #News
* 2017-10-24 - [Bug] Added a new type of bell notifications in the Admin area: Pending memberships. #BUG-5518 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-10-24 - [Bug] The Buy Now button for a product was displayed incorrectly if a VAT taxes configuration existed in the store. Fixed. #BUG-5503 (Michael Lipinski) #Buy Button
* 2017-09-18 - [Bug] Previous/Next order feature now works based on date & order number. #BUG-5433 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-09-18 - [Bug] After saving a label after editing, it was not possible to edit it again without a page refresh or a toggle of the Highlight labels option. Fixed. #BUG-5547 (Sergey Elmanov) #ThemeTweaker
