---
title: 5.3.1.4 - 13 October 2016
lang: en
layout: article_with_sidebar
updated_at: 2016-10-18 17:19 +0400
identifier: ref_5314changelog
order: 920
version: X-Cart 5.3.1.4
---

## Improvements

*    2016-09-27 - [Change] Pay With Amazon module improvement: Fixed a few minor bugs in UX + added Amazon login support. #XCN-6961 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #PayWithAmazon

## Fixes

*    2016-10-11 - [Bug] When importing a CSV spreadsheet containing the same image url for multiple products, it was not imported for all the products (only got associated with the first product). #BUG-3959 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

*    2016-10-07 - [Bug] The page for setting up sales tax rates and VAT rates could show no more than 25 rates. #BUG-3950 (Sergey Elmanov) #SalesTax #VAT

*    2016-10-07 - [Bug] An error was logged when Update quantity was used to change the stock quantity of a variant. #BUG-3953 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

*    2016-10-06 - [Bug] The "default" value for an attribute was imported wrongly if that attribute was a global one or defined at the class level and existed in a group of attributes. #BUG-3936 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

*    2016-10-06 - [Bug] Font color issues in the Noblesse theme on mobile devices. #BUG-3942 (Eugene Dementjev) #ColorSchemes

*    2016-10-05 - [Bug] The sorting of custom address fields was not the same in the Admin area and on the checkout page. #BUG-3937 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

*    2016-10-05 - [Bug] Not all the attribute values were displayed when editing an attribute if the number of values was more than 25. #BUG-3939 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

*    2016-10-04 - [Bug] Quick_flags were calculated incorrectly for menus and categories; as a result, styles were sometimes applied incorrectly for the display of submenus and subcategories. #BUG-3915 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #SimpleCMS

*    2016-10-03 - [Bug] A wrong SKU was displayed when the variant was changed on a product page in the Customer area. #BUG-3934 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductVariants

*    2016-09-30 - [Bug] Products in a list could not be edited if the list had been accessed via the Low stock products link on the Bell icon (menu item at the top left of the page). #BUG-3854 (Vladimir Semyonov) #Core

*    2016-09-30 - [Bug] Attribute title on a product page had a wrong css selector in the Noblesse theme. #BUG-3925 (Michael Lipinski) #ColorSchemes

*    2016-09-29 - [Bug] Advanced mode was working incorrectly during module updates. #BUG-3870 (Vladimir Semyonov) #Core

*    2016-09-28 - [Bug] The sorting of tags on the page in the Admin area (/admin.php?target=tags) had no effect on the sort order of the tags on the product pages in the Customer area. #BUG-3911 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductTags

*    2016-09-28 - [Bug] Refactoring of the SimpleCMS module. The model for static page extended a wrong class. #BUG-3914 (Michael Lipinski) #SimpleCMS

*    2016-09-27 - [Bug] When "Inventory tracking" was disabled for a product, the label "In stock (1000 items available)" was still displayed on the product page. The problem was reproduced for products with variants. #BUG-3844 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductVariants

*    2016-09-26 - [Bug] Removed the payment methods Skrill JCB and Skrill Diners. #BUG-3874 (Sergey Elmanov) #Skrill

*    2016-09-26 - [Bug] IPN callback from PayPal was processed incorrectly if it came earlier than or simultaneously with the return. Fixed. Now IPN is not processed until the return, or until 1 hour has passed after the beginning of the payment process. #BUG-3909 (Eugene Dementjev) #Paypal

*    2016-09-26 - [Bug] A file link could not be added via the WYSIWYG editor on a product page. #BUG-3903 (Sergey Elmanov) #TinyMCE

*    2016-09-23 - [Bug] The sort by rating feature now takes into account not only the average rating, but the number of users who have provided a rating as well. #BUG-3898 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #Bestsellers #ProductReviews

*    2016-09-23 - [Bug] Improved the usability of the page displaying sold items statistics in the Admin area. #BUG-3901 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

*    2016-09-22 - [Bug] Fatal error on a product page when disabling the module ThemeTweaker. #BUG-3881 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #ThemeTweaker

*    2016-09-22 - [Bug] An error was logged when adding a product to cart while the module Avatax was enabled (active). #BUG-3891 (Michael Lipinski) #AvaTax

*    2016-09-21 - [Bug] The sorting or products on the Category products page in the Admin area was not displayed correctly. #BUG-3861 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

*    2016-09-21 - [Bug] HTML tags were stripped from the Scheme->Text field when editing email notifications. #BUG-3879 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

*    2016-09-20 - [Bug] States could not be added for the countries that did not have states in the database. #BUG-3892 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core

*    2016-09-20 - [Bug] "Open Redirection Vulnerability" security issue. Fixed. Thanks to https://www.netsparker.com. #BUG-3904 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core

*    2016-09-19 - [Bug] Fatal error while upgrading the module MultiVendor from 52x to 52x on certain MySQL versions. #BUG-3871 (Sergey Elmanov) #MultiVendor

*    2016-09-14 - [Bug] The tracking numbers of all orders were displayed on the page of any order in the Admin area. #BUG-3848 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core

*    2016-09-14 - [Bug] The sort order of address fields in the store's Admin back end did not have any effect on the sort order of the fields in the address book popup in the Customer area. #BUG-3850 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core

*    2016-09-13 - [Bug] Fatal error on the cart and checkout page when the module Avatax is enabled and the state in the company address is not specified. #BUG-3845 (Michael Lipinski) #AvaTax

*    2016-09-08 - [Bug] Prices and weights that were supposed to use a format with a comma (for example, 1.999,99 / 1 999,99 / 1,999.99) were displayed and processed incorrectly. #BUG-3836 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

*    2016-09-07 - [Bug] In the Crisp White Skin, the address in the store's footer was displayed incorrectly. #BUG-3832 (Sergey Elmanov) #CrispWhiteSkin

*    2016-09-06 - [Bug] Fatal error on the product page if the product has an attribute of the "textarea editable" type #BUG-3827 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

*    2016-08-08 - [Bug] The field for entering coupon codes on the cart page in Crisp White was overlapped by the footer. #BUG-3687 (Michael Lipinski) #CrispWhiteSkin

*    1970-01-01 - [Bug] JS error related to the page tabs (except for the default one) on the order editing page in the Admin area if the module Customer attachments was enabled. #BUG-3960 (Eugene Dementjev) #CustomerAttachments
