---
title: 5.3.2.4 - 19 January 2017
lang: en
layout: article_with_sidebar
updated_at: 2017-01-30 13:34 +0400
identifier: ref_5324changelog
order: 846
---

## Improvements

* 2017-01-10 - [Change] Code refactoring. Fixed a few bugs: a missing button on the registration page, problems with order placement in asynchronous mode. #XCN-7171 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #PayWithAmazon

## Fixes

* 2017-01-18 - [Bug] Product filter was working incorrectly in mobile view after product filtering has already been applied once. #BUG-4447 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #ProductFilter
* 2017-01-18 - [Bug] Layout issues related to the display of the image list on the product editing page in Microsoft EDGE browser. #BUG-4435 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-01-18 - [Bug] In the arrival date field, current time was set as the time of arrival instead of the time at which the day starts (00:00). #BUG-4440 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-01-17 - [Bug] Performance optimization for when a large number of categories is used and the module Flyout Categories Menu is enabled. #BUG-4400 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #FlyoutCategoriesMenu
* 2017-01-17 - [Bug] Items that were sold out were being reflected in the quantity in the flyout menu. #BUG-4410 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #FlyoutCategoriesMenu
* 2017-01-16 - [Bug] The attribute allowfullscreen for the tag iframe was stripped in the WYSIWYG editor. #BUG-4147 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-01-16 - [Bug] Incorrect URLs were formed for images on Amazon S3 if the option CloudFront domain name was enabled. Added a new setting - Viewer protocol policy. #BUG-4426 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #AmazonS3Images
* 2017-01-16 - [Bug] Global attributes of products with variants were not showing in the product filter on category pages. #BUG-4423 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #ProductVariants
* 2017-01-16 - [Bug] Fatal error when making a payment for products with Shipping requirement = No via PayPal Standard. #BUG-4428 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Paypal
* 2017-01-16 - [Bug] A false CSRF warning was displayed after clicking the checkout with paypal button if http was used by the customer to access the page, and the store had been configured to work via https. #BUG-4434 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Paypal
* 2017-01-13 - [Bug] With GoogleAnalytics enabled, in the Universal mode and the setting use_canonical_urls_only set to "Off", a product page opened in the EDGE browser redirected to Page not found. #BUG-4425 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #GoogleAnalytics
* 2017-01-12 - [Bug] PHPMailer library updated to version 5.2.22 #BUG-4418 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-01-11 - [Bug] Error when generating an XML Sitemap if a cloned product had an empty clean URL. #BUG-4405 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #XMLSitemap
* 2017-01-11 - [Bug] An error in Partner Hosted with PCI Compliance if credit card expiration date was autofilled by Chrome. #BUG-4382 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-01-11 - [Bug] After changing the admin_self parameter, an attempt to save changes in the layout editor caused a 404 error. #BUG-4370 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #ThemeTweaker
* 2017-01-11 - [Bug] Added a redirect from shop.com/cart.php and shop.com/cart.php?target=main to shop.com when clean URLs are enabled. #BUG-4295 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-01-10 - [Bug] With PayPal Express and Pay with Amazon enabled, during Fast Lane checkout, the "pay with amazon" button disappeared following any changes that caused the payment method selection block to be refreshed (like choosing a different payment method). #BUG-4412 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #PayWithAmazon
*  2017-01-10 - [Bug] When the images were listed in the gallery on the product details page, the alt text was not changed, and the text from the first opened image was displayed. Fixed. #BUG-4408 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-01-10 - [Bug] Removed email validation as Skrill no longer requires it. Updated the logo images of payment methods added by the module Scrill. #BUG-4298 (Michael Lipinski) #Skrill
* 2017-01-10 - [Bug] Layout issues related to the quick search field in the Customer area on screen resolutions < 480px and screen resolutions between 990px and 480px. #BUG-4377 (Michael Lipinski) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-01-09 - [Bug] News were not added to sitemap.xml. Fixed. #BUG-4123 (Michael Lipinski) #News
* 2017-01-05 - [Bug] Tags from original product were not copied to cloned product. #BUG-4362 (Michael Lipinski) #ProductTags
* 2017-01-05 - [Bug] Products without a category can now be searched for in the Admin area. #BUG-4361 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-01-05 - [Bug] Layout issues related to ratings on the vendor details page. Fixed. #BUG-4360 (Michael Lipinski) #MultiVendor
* 2017-01-05 - [Bug] Layout issues on the vendor details page. #BUG-4358 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-01-05 - [Bug] In the list of coupons in the Admin area, the word "expired" was cropped although there was enough free space to display it in full. #BUG-4233 (Michael Lipinski) #Coupons
* 2017-01-05 - [Bug] Improvement for XLite\Logger: added isBOT to log file. #BUG-4375 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-01-05 - [Bug] If the blocks Bestsellers, New arrivals and Coming soon were moved in Layout editor from the sidebar to the central area, before the result was saved, these sections showed all the products in the store, not just the products of the current category/subcategory. #BUG-4337 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #ThemeTweaker
* 2017-01-05 - [Bug] If editing an order via the Admin area to add a product from a vendor whose products were not present in the order from the start, the product was added to the order incorrectly. #BUG-4386 (Eugene Dementjev) #MultiVendor
* 2017-01-05 - [Bug] If a product with an arrival date set for the future had two variants that were "in stock", both the variants and the add-to-cart button for them showed on the storefront despite the item coming in the future. #BUG-4347 (Michael Lipinski) #Wholesale #ProductVariants
* 2017-01-05 - [Bug] Error in logs if using Update quantity to update the qty of variants. #BUG-4290 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-01-05 - [Bug] "The name is empty" error (missing product name) when importing products in the Update only mode. Fixed. #BUG-4317 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #MultiVendor
* 2017-01-05 - [Bug] "Empty compiled template" error on the admin.php?target=register_vendor page. Fixed. #BUG-4363 (Michael Lipinski) #SocialLogin
* 2017-01-04 - [Bug] When importing categories, wrong clean URLs were created. #BUG-4392 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-01-03 - [Bug] In the module Sale, the setting "Display only the products on sale which are in the category being viewed (or its subcategories)" did not work correctly. #BUG-4384 (Eugene Dementjev) #Sale
* 2017-01-03 - [Bug] If a menu item with a subcategory list was higher than page content, an extra vertical scroll was added. #BUG-4390 (Eugene Dementjev) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2016-12-29 - [Bug] PHP Fatal error:  Call to a member function getCode() on null in classes/XLite/Module/XC/MultiCurrency/View/LanguageSelector/Customer.php in MultiCurrency module. #BUG-4385 (Michael Lipinski) #MultiCurrency
* 2016-12-29 - [Bug] On the PayPal settings page in the Russian language, the sections were overlapping. #BUG-4356 (Michael Lipinski) #Paypal
* 2016-12-29 - [Bug] Enlarged the text fields for custom entry on the product details page. #BUG-4316 (Michael Lipinski) #GoSocial
* 2016-12-29 - [Bug] After enabling the disable drag'n'drop add to cart module, out-of-stock products were not faded out. #BUG-4350 (Michael Lipinski) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2016-12-27 - [Bug] A wrong sum was showing up in PayPal's refund field when editing the order with AOM. #BUG-4331 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2016-12-26 - [Bug] Page layout issues caused by long product attribute name. #BUG-4320 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2016-12-26 - [Bug] Fixed the way the "Recently viewed" section is displayed on the home page in Crisp White skin. Fixed the appearance of the block in the standard skin 1-column view. On hover, name and price are now displayed in a slide-out block. #BUG-4309 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #ProductAdvisor #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2016-12-23 - [Bug] With Froala module enabled, WYSIWYG date picker was displayed below the WYSIWYG menu. #BUG-4329 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2016-12-23 - [Bug] Layout editor module menu was available to vendors. #BUG-4357 (Michael Lipinski) #ThemeTweaker
* 2016-12-21 - [Bug] The order of decorators was not specified properly. Order totals were not re-calculated after adding a coupon. #BUG-4352 (Michael Lipinski) #CrispWhiteSkin #FreeShipping
* 2016-12-21 - [Bug] In TinyMCE, when choosing View->Fullscreen, the window contents were displayed incorrectly. #BUG-4318 (Michael Lipinski) #TinyMCE
* 2016-12-20 - [Bug] On the checkout page, the Place Order button price was displayed not including the shipping cost until the order data was modified somehow (e.g. shipping method changed, address changed). The problem occurred only with UPS shipping method enabled. #BUG-4342 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2016-12-19 - [Bug] The contents of the "Recently viewed" section was not updating after the maximum allowed number of products to be displayed in this section had been reached. #BUG-4332 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #ProductAdvisor
* 2016-12-19 - [Bug] If the section Sale was moved from the sidebar to the central area with layout editor, only one product was displayed in this section. #BUG-4315 (Michael Lipinski) #Sale
* 2016-12-19 - [Bug] After moving the "New Arrivals" and "Coming Soon" blocks from the sidebar, the product limitation was no longer taken into account. #BUG-4339 (Michael Lipinski) #ProductAdvisor
* 2016-12-16 - [Bug] PopUp adress box was displayed in a wrong way at checkout in the mobile version. #BUG-4330 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2016-12-15 - [Bug] When a SKU of a vendor's product was edited by the administrator, validation was performed based on all the products, not just the products of that specific vendor. #BUG-4311 (Michael Lipinski) #MultiVendor
* 2016-12-15 - [Bug] Recently viewed products block was not working correctly in the sidebar. #BUG-4333 (Michael Lipinski) #ProductAdvisor
* 2016-12-15 - [Bug] During checkout, the field address type did not show the option names (residential / commercial) in full. #BUG-4327 (Michael Lipinski) #FastLaneCheckout
* 2016-12-14 - [Bug] \XLite\Core\Operator::checkURLAvailability() was working incorrectly if the image server had no support for HEAD requests. #BUG-4249 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2016-12-14 - [Bug] Fatal error during store re-deployment if opcache was enabled and the setting opcache.revalidate_path=On was used. #BUG-4296 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2016-12-14 - [Bug] Error in logs when downloading a purchased file. #BUG-4236 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
