---
title: 5.3.1.1 - 03 August 2016
identifier: ref_5311changelog
updated_at: 2016-08-03 00:00
layout: article_with_sidebar
lang: en
order: 940
categories:
- Changelog
---

## Fixes

*   2016-08-03 - [Bug] Product sorting on the search page in the Customer area was working incorrectly. #BUG-3672 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
*   2016-08-03 - [Bug] When saving changes in the WYSIWYG editor, HTML tags were getting stripped out. #BUG-3670 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
*   2016-08-03 - [Bug] With resource aggregation enabled, css and js resources got into the same file, which broke the layout in a few places (for example, in the checkout footer in "Fashion" theme). #BUG-3669 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #FastLaneCheckout #PitneyBowes
*   2016-08-03 - [Bug] Image uploading in WYSIWYG editor in the Admin area was not working. #BUG-3673 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #TinyMCE
*   2016-08-03 - [Bug] The button for going to the next step of Fast Lane Checkout was misplaced (in the old skin). #BUG-3668 (verde) #FastLaneCheckout #CrispWhiteSkin
*   2016-08-02 - [Bug] Mobile menu layout improvement. #BUG-3638 (Michael Lipinski) #CrispWhiteSkin
*   2016-08-02 - [Bug] When switching to a different variant on the page of a product in the Customer area, the image was not changed in the Crisp White skin. #BUG-3665 (verde) #ProductVariants
*   2016-08-02 - [Bug] Changed the file classes/XLite/Core/Converter.php to eliminate the problem of false-positive cxs scanner virus detection. #BUG-3667 (verde) #Core
*   2016-08-02 - [Bug] Widget caching was not taking the protocol (http/https)  into account during cache invalidation. #BUG-3661 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
*   2016-08-02 - [Bug] Fixed the layout of the page for anonymous user login before checkout. #BUG-3660 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #CrispWhiteSkin
*   2016-08-01 - [Bug] Fatal error when creating a subscriber with an email address already existing in the database. #BUG-3641 (Michael Lipinski) #NewsletterSubscriptions
*   2016-08-01 - [Bug] In the Crisp White skin, module dependencies were processed incorrectly. #BUG-3645 (verde) #CrispWhiteSkin