---
title: 5.3.3.4 - 18 Sep 2017
lang: en
layout: article_with_sidebar
updated_at: 2017-09-25 10:33 +0400
identifier: ref_5334changelog
order: 816
---

## Improvements
* 2017-09-11 - [Change] Updated the URL for Authorize.Net registration. #BUG-5476 (Michael Lipinski) #AuthorizeNet
* 2017-09-07 - [Change] Added the fields for the sorting of attributes and their values to the import/export product attribute values file. #BUG-5170 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-09-07 - [Change] An email notification can now be sent to buyers asking them to leave feedback for the product they purchased. #BUG-4775 (Vladimir Semyonov) #ProductReviews
* 2017-09-06 - [Change] Added the option to specify where to send the electronic check for the customer: to the customer's email address or to the customer's phone. #BUG-5435 (Michael Lipinski) #YandexMoney
* 2017-09-06 - [Change] Implemented the saving of fiscal data from the aviso request. #BUG-5434 (Michael Lipinski) #YandexMoney
* 2017-09-05 - [Change] Minor logging improvement: action and target are now added to the URI in the log file for POST requests. #BUG-5445 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-08-31 - [Change] Updated the URL for Skrill registration. #BUG-5441 (Michael Lipinski) #Skrill
* 2017-08-24 - [Change] Message statuses in the module Vendor messages can now be bulk edited. #BUG-5218 (Sergey Elmanov) #VendorMessages
* 2017-08-23 - [Change] UI improvement for the calendar widget in the Admin area. #BUG-5204 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-08-14 - [Change] Added some help tips on the Egoods module settings page. #BUG-5336 (Eugene Dementjev) #Egoods
* 2017-08-10 - [Change] If the setting "Force customer to choose product options before adding a product to cart" is enabled, the default product image is no longer replaced by the image of the default variant. #BUG-5345 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductVariants
* 2017-08-10 - [Change] PayPal Adaptive payment refunds can now be handled via the Admin and Vendor area. #XCN-8103 (Michael Lipinski) #Paypal #MultiVendor
* 2017-08-09 - [Change] Added manage news and manage banners permissions. #BUG-5215 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #News
* 2017-08-02 - [Change] Added checks for the presence of orders without a shipping/payment status to Consistency Check. #BUG-5240 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-08-02 - [Change] Added a check for the table attribute_value_select with a specified attribute_option_id which are not present in the database to Consistency Check. #BUG-5209 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-08-01 - [Change] Added a new check to Consistency check to find out whether the database contains orders without an associated profile (profile_id == NULL). #BUG-5208 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-08-01 - [Change] Added a console utility command.php to replace the obsolete next-sdk. #XCN-8068 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

## Fixes
* 2017-09-15 - [Bug] The http protocol was used for the return URL at all times. Fixed. #BUG-5496 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #YandexMoney
* 2017-09-15 - [Bug] Local images were not getting imported for variants. Fixed. #BUG-5495 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #AmazonS3Images #ProductVariants
* 2017-09-15 - [Bug] Wrong information about a previously failed payment was added to the email invoice sent to the customer. #BUG-5488 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-09-14 - [Bug] Constant 1 instead of 6 is used for CURLOPT_SSLVERSION (otherwise TLSv1.2 is not supported). #BUG-5490 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Paypal
* 2017-09-14 - [Bug] The url of the module settings page is now formed correctly if the admin endpoint has been changed from admin.php to something different. #BUG-5486 (Michael Lipinski) #MailChimp
* 2017-09-14 - [Bug] More menu operation in CrispWhite Skin improved. #BUG-5484 (Eugene Dementjev) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-09-12 - [Bug] Orders containing product variants with SKU could not be imported correctly. #BUG-5383 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductVariants #Orders Import
* 2017-09-11 - [Bug] In the Sales channels popup, link tags were not working. #BUG-5478 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-09-11 - [Bug] RCE vulnerability: A vendor/admin with limited access permissions could upload a php script using the File attachments module. Fixed. #BUG-5461 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #FileAttachments #CanadaPost
* 2017-09-08 - [Bug] In the shopping cart, Aberdeen was always shown as state for estimated shipping if UK was selected as country. Fixed. #BUG-5468 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-09-08 - [Bug] Incorrect FLC behavior when the cart contains only products that do not require shipping. #BUG-5467 (Eugene Dementjev) #FastLaneCheckout
* 2017-09-08 - [Bug] Minor text improvements for the USPS module. #BUG-5466 (Michael Lipinski) #USPS
* 2017-09-08 - [Bug] Incorrect behavior of FastLaneCheckout with the UK selected as country. #BUG-5462 (Eugene Dementjev) #FastLaneCheckout
* 2017-09-07 - [Bug] Duplicate entries in order history regarding sent messages. Fixed. #BUG-5460 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-09-07 - [Bug] The button "Launch PayPal" was not working correctly. Fixed. #BUG-5296 (Kirill Stadler) #Paypal
* 2017-09-06 - [Bug] During checkout, the email specified in the user account was passed on to the payment system instead of the one entered during checkout. Fixed. #BUG-5459 (Michael Lipinski) #Stripe #YandexMoney
* 2017-09-06 - [Bug] Temporary files were not removed when using ImageMagick to crop images. Fixed. #BUG-5457 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-09-06 - [Bug] A wrong minimum memory_limit was shown in the installer in the insufficient memory_limit message. Fixed. #BUG-5452 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-09-05 - [Bug] The fields in Store setup -> Contact Information -> Contacts can no longer be saved as blank. #BUG-5453 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-09-05 - [Bug] In FLC, if a vendor did not have a shipping method available, the button place_order was still displayed; if clicked, that button simply caused a page refresh. #BUG-5443 (Eugene Dementjev) #FastLaneCheckout #MultiVendor
* 2017-09-05 - [Bug] In the quick view popup, variant images could not be switched. Fixed. #BUG-5365 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #ProductVariants
* 2017-09-05 - [Bug] Added the option to clear QTY and disble inventory tracking for variants. #BUG-5274 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductVariants
* 2017-09-05 - [Bug] The sidebar was displayed as blank on a static page. #BUG-5241 (Michael Lipinski) #SimpleCMS
* 2017-09-04 - [Bug] Fixed PHP 5.4 compatibility errors/warnings. #BUG-5439 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #AmazonS3Images #Egoods #Paypal #RESTAPI #PINCodes #PitneyBowes #CustomerAttachments #VendorMessages
* 2017-09-04 - [Bug] In Bulk edit price and membership, it is now possible to assign tax classes. #BUG-5438 (Michael Lipinski) #BulkEditing
* 2017-09-04 - [Bug] When using ProductVariants+NotFinishedOrders, incorrect variant SKUs were displayed in the order. #BUG-5194 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductVariants
* 2017-09-01 - [Bug] Cart items were entered into order history even after the respective payment transaction had failed. Fixed. #BUG-5446 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-08-31 - [Bug] Refunds were not working with the latest API version. Fixed. #BUG-5328 (Eugene Dementjev) #Stripe
* 2017-08-30 - [Bug] Error "String data, right truncated: 1406 Data too long for column 'metaTags' at row 1" when saving a long value in the metaKeywords field of a product. Fixed. #BUG-5281 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-08-29 - [Bug] The next/previous product links of a product were always displaying the links of the product that was opened first. #BUG-5324 (Michael Lipinski) #NextPreviousProduct
* 2017-08-29 - [Bug] When submitting an invalid form, the form froze. #BUG-5288 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #ProductReviews
* 2017-08-29 - [Bug] After removing product attributes, the records of variants based on those attributes remained in the database. #BUG-5260 (Michael Lipinski) #ProductVariants
* 2017-08-29 - [Bug] Added the address type "not selected" for the default customer address field. #BUG-5200 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-08-28 - [Bug] Fixed field validation for the Store Setup -> Contact information page. #BUG-5428 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-08-28 - [Bug] The spacing was too big when a category name was wrapped to the next line in CrispWhite. #BUG-5333 (Michael Lipinski) #FlyoutCategoriesMenu
* 2017-08-28 - [Bug] The link leading to the module settings page was cut short after the admin logged in, which resulted in going to the list of installed modules. #BUG-5318 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-08-24 - [Bug] The incorrect order of model parameters in the REST API query resulted in a fatal error. Fixed. #BUG-5425 (Michael Lipinski) #RESTAPI
* 2017-08-24 - [Bug] Fixed some layout issues related to the credit card info entry widget for the module BlueSnap. #BUG-5424 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin #BlueSnap
* 2017-08-24 - [Bug] Incorrect language name was used for Malaysia; changed to Malay. #BUG-5422 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-08-24 - [Bug] The names of USPS shipping methods on the packing slip were printed incorrectly. Fixed. #BUG-5340 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-08-24 - [Bug] A wrong flag image was used for Cambodia. Fixed. #BUG-5299 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-08-24 - [Bug] Fixed some layout related issues in Safari. #BUG-5298 (Michael Lipinski) #VendorMessages
* 2017-08-24 - [Bug] When hovering over the next/previous product links, CloudZoom made it impossible to view the contents of the quick product view dropdown. #BUG-5141 (Michael Lipinski) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-08-23 - [Bug] Minor code refactoring for the UPS module. #BUG-5418 (Michael Lipinski) #UPS
* 2017-08-23 - [Bug] The "Variant low limit warning" notifictaion could not be disabled via Store setup -> Email notifications. Fixed. #BUG-5417 (Michael Lipinski) #ProductVariants
* 2017-08-23 - [Bug] The file manager was missing from the Insert/Edit link popup. Fixed. #BUG-5415 (Eugene Dementjev) #TinyMCE
* 2017-08-23 - [Bug] Minor refactoring of styles. #BUG-5290 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #ThemeTweaker #FastLaneCheckout #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-08-22 - [Bug] Fixed some layout issues related to the credit card info entry widget on browser window widths of less than 1200px. #BUG-5408 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-08-22 - [Bug] Product attributes were displayed only on the Specification tab if the module Catalog was active. Fixed. #BUG-5399 (Michael Lipinski) #Catalog
* 2017-08-22 - [Bug] A cleared template could not be saved when editing a skin in "Template editor". Fixed. #BUG-5284 (Eugene Dementjev) #ThemeTweaker
* 2017-08-22 - [Bug] Fixed a typo in the file classes/XLite/View/FormField/Textarea/Simple.php. #BUG-5222 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-08-21 - [Bug] Changed the setting name from "Seller login" to "Store Id". #BUG-5407 (Sergey Elmanov) #Robokassa
* 2017-08-21 - [Bug] PDF attachments got attached to emails twice. Fixed. #BUG-5401 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-08-21 - [Bug] Fixed some layout issues related to the widget for credit card info entry in the IE and Firefox browsers. #BUG-5398 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-08-21 - [Bug] Added the distribution of discounts to the prices of individual products. #BUG-5393 (Michael Lipinski) #Robokassa
* 2017-08-21 - [Bug] Real-time shipping cost calculation was performed when adding a product to cart. Now it only takes place when the cart/checkout page is accessed. #BUG-5390 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-08-18 - [Bug] In the GoSocial module, removed the default value from the setting "Account name of the user to attribute the Tweet to (optional)". Fixed. #BUG-5391 (Michael Lipinski) #GoSocial
* 2017-08-18 - [Bug] A wrong total was shown on the invoice if the order had been placed using a currency other that the store's primary one and the module Buy Button was enabled. Fixed. #BUG-5388 (Michael Lipinski) #Buy Button
* 2017-08-18 - [Bug] Page load time improvement for the Environment and Marketplace pages in the Admin area. #BUG-5380 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-08-17 - [Bug] Fatal error on the category page if Product Variants is enabled, the setting "How to show variant prices in product lists" is set to "Price range", sorting is done by price and the customer has a non-default membership. Fixed. #BUG-5377 (Michael Lipinski) #ProductVariants
* 2017-08-17 - [Bug] The E-Goods module settings page now contains information on how to set up X-Sendfile. #BUG-5337 (Sergey Elmanov) #Egoods
* 2017-08-15 - [Bug] Fatal error in the method getPaymentMethod under certain conditions. Fixed. #BUG-5367 (Michael Lipinski) #Paypal
* 2017-08-14 - [Bug] In the invoice, the store's primary currency was shown instead of the currency selected by the customer if the module MultiVendor was operating in the Separate shops mode. Fixed. #BUG-5361 (Sergey Elmanov) #MultiVendor
* 2017-08-14 - [Bug] The minicart subtotal was not recalculated on the cart page. Fixed. #BUG-5307 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-08-11 - [Bug] On mobile devices, the phrase "Have a discount coupon" was displayed over the footer. Fixed. #BUG-5272 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-08-11 - [Bug] Fixed how the shipping method selector is displayed in FLC. #BUG-5255 (Sergey Elmanov) #FastLaneCheckout
* 2017-08-11 - [Bug] After the installation of the module ShopGate, the search feature did not work in the Customer area. #BUG-5221 (Sergey Elmanov) #ShopGate
* 2017-08-11 - [Bug] Too much space before the title on the product attributes page. #BUG-5178 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-08-10 - [Bug] Fatal error when updating a product if the product had wholesale prices, and the administrator had a non-default membership. Fixed. #BUG-5344 (Michael Lipinski) #Wholesale
* 2017-08-09 - [Bug] New lines were missing in reviews. #BUG-5338 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductReviews
* 2017-08-09 - [Bug] Payment method descriptions were displayed incorrectly. #BUG-5331 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-08-09 - [Bug] Made the Fax field in the Company info blank. #BUG-5326 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-08-09 - [Bug] In Egoods, after changing the status to "Delivered", the order was still treated as awaiting processing. #BUG-5322 (Sergey Elmanov) #Egoods
* 2017-08-09 - [Bug] Search by tags in the sidebar did not work. #BUG-5321 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductTags
* 2017-08-09 - [Bug] Unclosed span tag. Fixed. #BUG-5201 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #ProductReviews
* 2017-08-09 - [Bug] In MultiVendor, order number was not shown for PIN codes. #BUG-5191 (Michael Lipinski) #PINCodes #MultiVendor
* 2017-08-09 - [Bug] Layout issues related to the display of PIN codes in invoices. #BUG-5184 (Sergey Elmanov) #PINCodes
* 2017-08-08 - [Bug] The number of NFO orders was always shown as 0. #BUG-5247 (Eugene Dementjev) #CustomOrderStatuses
* 2017-08-07 - [Bug] In the module BuyButton, when generating the code, the discount was displayed if the product was on sale. #BUG-5309 (Sergey Elmanov) #Buy Button
* 2017-08-07 - [Bug] In mobile view, after adding a product to cart from the product details page, the tab styles were changed. #BUG-5308 (Sergey Elmanov) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-08-07 - [Bug] Removed the update button below the module name on the Installed Addons page. #BUG-5302 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-08-07 - [Bug] In developer mode, removing the module MailChimp caused a fatal error. #BUG-5263 (Michael Lipinski) #MailChimp
* 2017-08-07 - [Bug] After the first login to the Admin area, the menu was positioned incorrectly. #BUG-5261 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-08-02 - [Bug] Add2cart popup should be displayed only when a product has been added to the cart successfully. #BUG-5223 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #Add2CartPopup
* 2017-08-01 - [Bug] Execute cached trait was not working correctly sometimes. Fixed. #BUG-5186 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-08-01 - [Bug] Checkout could not be completed with addresses entered in a certain way. #BUG-5159 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #FastLaneCheckout
* 2017-07-31 - [Bug] Race condition on the updating of product quantity on order placement. Fixed. #BUG-5316 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-07-26 - [Bug] Fatal error when using restoredb in a multi-vendor store. #BUG-5266 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-07-26 - [Bug] Customer ip is now saved in the order history. #BUG-5256 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-07-26 - [Bug] Changed the way image size is defined for the product page: now image border is added to, not subtracted from the image dimensions. #BUG-5234 (Eugene Dementjev) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-07-26 - [Bug] In Sales tax and Canadian taxes, the default value of the setting Taxable base was changed to Discounted Subtotal + Shipping cost. #BUG-5205 (Michael Lipinski) #SalesTax #CanadianTaxes
* 2017-07-20 - [Bug] Error "Unable to find template “items_list/product/center/grid/body.twig”" when switching the product list view from grid view to any other with the module ProductAdvisor enabled. Fixed. #BUG-5232 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductAdvisor
* 2017-07-20 - [Bug] Fixed the recalculation of taxes when editing an order in AOM. #BUG-5213 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #CanadianTaxes
* 2017-07-20 - [Bug] The warning saying that the module CustomSkin has evolved to Webmaster mode was shown not only to the root admin, but also to the vendors. Fixed. #BUG-5182 (Michael Lipinski) #CustomSkin

