---
title: 5.3.3.1 - 03 July 2017
lang: en
layout: article_with_sidebar
updated_at: 2017-08-01 14:25 +0400
identifier: ref_5331changelog
order: 819
---

## Improvements

* 2017-06-30 - [Change] Added a promo block about Google Tag Manager on the Custom JS page. #BUG-5135 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #ThemeTweaker #GoogleTagManager
* 2017-06-27 - [Change] Added the sha512 method for hash calculation. #BUG-5085 (Sergey Elmanov) #AuthorizeNet
* 2017-06-27 - [Change] Removed duplicate html code for the mobile menu when loading the page. The required code is loaded after the page has been loaded with a js script. #BUG-4850 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-06-27 - [Change] Fixed the deadlocks in \XLite\Model\Session::insertCell #XCN-7859 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-06-20 - [Change] Changed how saving is done in themetweaker. #BUG-5046 (Eugene Dementjev) #ThemeTweaker
* 2017-06-08 - [Change] Enabled the module testpayment for dev mode. #BUG-5081 (Michael Lipinski)
* 2017-06-01 - [Change] Added the permissions to edit the front page, banners and featured products to the 'Manage catalog' permission group. #BUG-5044 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #FeaturedProducts
* 2017-05-31 - [Change] Updated the design of the pages for the setup of attributes and product variants. #BUG-4034 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-05-24 - [Change] A vendor's rating is not shown now if the vendor does not yet have a rating. #BUG-4991 (Sergey Elmanov) #MultiVendor
* 2017-05-24 - [Change] The Custom css field in the Admin area can now be expanded by the administrator in any direction. #BUG-4982 (Sergey Elmanov) #ThemeTweaker
 
## Fixes
* 2017-06-30 - [Bug] In the product filter on the category page, not all the available attribute values were shown. Fixed. #BUG-5149 (Eugene Dementjev) #ProductFilter
* 2017-06-29 - [Bug] Added minification for the generated js code of the product widget in the module Buy Button. #BUG-5156 (Eugene Dementjev) #Buy Button
* 2017-06-29 - [Bug] Fixed small bug with using Stripe within Fast Lane Checkout. #BUG-5155 (Sergey Elmanov) #FastLaneCheckout
* 2017-06-28 - [Bug] The setting "Wrap long category names" of the module Flyout Categories menu did not work in Crisp White Skin. #BUG-5153 (Sergey Elmanov) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-06-28 - [Bug] Hidden blocks were showed when layout editor mode was disabled. Fixed. #BUG-5145 (Sergey Elmanov) #ThemeTweaker
* 2017-06-27 - [Bug] The price range for product variants was not displayed in the "Recently viewed" block. #BUG-5140 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductAdvisor
* 2017-06-26 - [Bug] Fatal error when accessing a product page as an anonymous user with the option "Only registered customers who purchased this product can leave feedback" enabled. Fixed. #BUG-5142 (Michael Lipinski) #ProductReviews
* 2017-06-22 - [Bug] The % off was rounded incorrectly when displaying the wholesale discount on the storefront. #BUG-5134 (Michael Lipinski) #Wholesale
* 2017-06-22 - [Bug] A typo in XLite/Controller/Customer/Autocomplete.php. Fixed. #BUG-5131 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-06-22 - [Bug] Deleting a currency in the module MultiCurrency resulted in a fatal error. Fixed. #BUG-5130 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #MultiCurrency
* 2017-06-22 - [Bug] Images are now resized separately for retina displays and other types of displays; a 1x size image will be used for retina if no 2x size image is available for some reason (for example, if the source image is smaller than 2x). #BUG-5098 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-06-22 - [Bug] ogMeta was not updated automatically when sending via restapi. #BUG-5094 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #GoSocial
* 2017-06-21 - [Bug] UI improvements for Webmaster mode. #BUG-5014 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #ThemeTweaker
* 2017-06-21 - [Bug] Vendors can now export orders. #BUG-4924 (Sergey Elmanov) #MultiVendor
* 2017-06-21 - [Bug] CURLOPT_SSLVERSION has been updated because of PayPal requires TSL 1.2 #BUG-3985 (Sergey Elmanov) #Paypal
* 2017-06-20 - [Bug] Fixed small issue on a product page when Related Products and Next/Previous products are enabled. #BUG-5124 (Sergey Elmanov) #NextPreviousProduct
* 2017-06-20 - [Bug] On the product page, in the sections "Related products" and "Customers who bought this product also bought" the prices were displayed incorrectly. #BUG-5117 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-06-20 - [Bug] UI improvements for the settings page of the module Mailchimp. #BUG-5087 (Sergey Elmanov) #MailChimp
* 2017-06-20 - [Bug] The test for whether Phar is installed worked only for PHP 5.6 or later. #BUG-5084 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-06-20 - [Bug] Changed how images are attached to email messages. #BUG-5024 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-06-20 - [Bug] When attempting an upgrade on a trial installation, the user is now provided with a full list of paid modules that need to be removed. #BUG-4868 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-06-19 - [Bug] When cloning a product, empty tabs were created. #BUG-5115 (Sergey Elmanov) #CustomProductTabs
* 2017-06-19 - [Bug] Decreased the font size on the template editor tab in webmaster panel. #BUG-5033 (Eugene Dementjev) #ThemeTweaker
* 2017-06-19 - [Bug] Errors that occur during a file upload are now displayed. #BUG-5018 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-06-16 - [Bug] Minor changes in the Converge module. #BUG-5101 (Sergey Elmanov) #Converge
* 2017-06-16 - [Bug] On mobile devices, the dropdown menu on the reviews tab was cut and not fully visible. #BUG-4979 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #ProductReviews
* 2017-06-15 - [Bug] Added Japanese and Korean flags for languages. #BUG-5116 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-06-15 - [Bug] Upgrade hook fix in the module Wholesale for version 5.3.2.0. #BUG-5113 (Michael Lipinski) #Wholesale
* 2017-06-15 - [Bug] An outdated clean URL now redirects to the canonical URL of the product if the category of the product has been changed. #BUG-4964 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-06-14 - [Bug] Added an error message to be shown after the button "Generate resized images" has been clicked if neither GDlib nor ImageMagick are installed on the server. #BUG-5097 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-06-09 - [Bug] A link to an image could not be added when using tinymce. #BUG-5103 (Eugene Dementjev) #TinyMCE
* 2017-06-09 - [Bug] Certain types of content were not cached. Fixed. #BUG-5036 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-06-08 - [Bug] Page layout issues on the cart page. #BUG-5070 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #Paypal #VolumeDiscounts
* 2017-06-08 - [Bug] When dropping the cache for the market, the news cache was not dropped. #BUG-4902 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-06-07 - [Bug] Fatal error when upgrading from 5.2.22 to 5.3.3.x with the module Order messages enabled. #BUG-5092 (Sergey Elmanov) #VendorMessages
* 2017-06-07 - [Bug] When widget caching was enabled, on the storefront a product description got cached and the same description was shown for all the products. #BUG-5088 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-06-07 - [Bug] With the option "Force customer to choose product options before adding a product to cart" enabled, if returning to the product page after the product has been added to the shopping cart, the product was displayed with the selected attributes. #BUG-5067 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-06-07 - [Bug] The tab for custom shipping statuses was renamed to Fulfillment statuses. #BUG-4984 (Sergey Elmanov) #CustomOrderStatuses
* 2017-06-07 - [Bug] Layout issues at checkout related to displaying the add gift wrapping checkbox option. #BUG-4945 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-06-06 - [Bug] Product classes sorting did not work. #BUG-5090 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-06-06 - [Bug] The module NFO created a wrong link on the dashboard in the orders table. #BUG-5080 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-06-06 - [Bug] If using FLC and NFO, at checkout, when the user was redirected to the payment page, the state was reset to the default one. #BUG-5061 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #FastLaneCheckout
* 2017-06-06 - [Bug] Added the Price and Save fields for Wholesale. #BUG-4938 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #Wholesale
* 2017-06-05 - [Bug] Opening the popup for adding featured products by a non-root admin resulted in an error. #BUG-5078 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-06-05 - [Bug] Product filter disappeared on some mobile devices. #BUG-4948 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-06-05 - [Bug] Changed the placeholder text for the field where an order number range can be specified on the orders page. #BUG-4940 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-06-01 - [Bug] Some elements were misaligned in the customer address popup on the order page in the Admin area. Fixed. #BUG-5063 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-06-01 - [Bug] The truck icon in FLC was misplaced in the standard skin. Fixed. #BUG-5059 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #FastLaneCheckout
* 2017-06-01 - [Bug] Warnings on the page for adding a new product if there were no categories. #BUG-5056 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-06-01 - [Bug] The link to all the products without a category now opens in the same window. #BUG-4939 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-06-01 - [Bug] The invalid coupon error was not fully displayed in Crisp White. #BUG-4929 (Sergey Elmanov) #Coupons #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-06-01 - [Bug] Tooltip text was missing in the popup for editing a yes/no attribute. #BUG-4922 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-06-01 - [Bug] Tag sorting did not work. #BUG-4920 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductTags
* 2017-06-01 - [Bug] Layout issues related to the display of PIN codes in a customer invoice. #BUG-4915 (Sergey Elmanov) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-05-30 - [Bug] When redirecting from an outdated clean URL of a product to a new one, a 301 redirect is now used instead of 302. #BUG-5060 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-05-30 - [Bug] Changed the styles of the Attachments section on the product page in the Admin area. #BUG-4985 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #Egoods #FileAttachments
* 2017-05-30 - [Bug] The Membership field was misplaced in the my account section. #BUG-4959 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-05-30 - [Bug] If the last variant available in stock was in the shopping cart, and a Change attributes action was performed from the cart, an error was generated as if the product were unavailable. #BUG-4927 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #ProductVariants
* 2017-05-30 - [Bug] A link in the help tooltip was displayed partly outside the tooltip border. #BUG-4911 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-05-30 - [Bug] In Froala on product preview input fields in the menu were not fully displayed. #BUG-4895 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #ThemeTweaker
* 2017-05-30 - [Bug] Removed certain functions in the Froala menu on product preview. #BUG-4894 (Sergey Elmanov) #ThemeTweaker #Froala
* 2017-05-30 - [Bug] Renamed the title of a filter preset. #BUG-4891 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-05-26 - [Bug] Search was performed incorrectly on the storefront in the Customer area. #BUG-4899 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-05-25 - [Bug] Added repositories for all the modules that did not have one (so that 3rd party modules can override the repositories of these modules). #BUG-5019 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #Coupons #SalesTax #SimpleCMS #VAT #CanadaPost #Add2CartPopup #PitneyBowes #NewsletterSubscriptions #Mandrill #VendorMessages #CanadianTaxes
* 2017-05-25 - [Bug] Changed the color of links in CrispWhite skin. #BUG-5009 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-05-22 - [Bug] Added a warning to be displayed in the Admin area when switching to a different skin if custom templates for the current skin are present. #BUG-4752 (Sergey Elmanov) #ThemeTweaker
* 2017-05-22 - [Bug] A file uploaded via a URL but copied onto the server could be made a paid one. #BUG-5096 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #Egoods
