---
title: 5.3.3.3 - 15 Aug 2017
lang: en
layout: article_with_sidebar
updated_at: 2017-08-17 13:04 +0400
identifier: ref_5333changelog
order: 817
---

## Fixes

* 2017-08-16 - [Bug] Minor improvements for Zapier module. #BUG-5353 (Michael Lipinski) #Zapier
* 2017-08-16 - [Bug] VAT was not sent to Zapier with the information about a new order. #BUG-5362 (Michael Lipinski) #Zapier
* 2017-08-15 - [Bug] The search in the site header did not work correctly sometimes. Fixed. #BUG-5374 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-08-15 - [Bug] Order exchange rate is now sent to Zapier if Multicurrency module is installed. #BUG-5370 (Michael Lipinski) #Zapier
* 2017-08-14 - [Bug] When selecting Store Setup -> Taxes from the menu, the tab Tax Classes was opened. Now Sales Tax or VAT or Canadian Taxes gets opened (depending on what is installed). #BUG-5371 (Sergey Elmanov) #SalesTax #VAT #CanadianTaxes
* 2017-08-14 - [Bug] Fatal error when uninstalling the module MultiVendor. Fixed. #BUG-5368 (Sergey Elmanov) #MultiVendor
* 2017-08-14 - [Bug] Fatal error if an attempt is made to subscribe to the store news by an anonymous customer if both the modules Newsletter subscriptions and MailChimp are installed. #BUG-5366 (Michael Lipinski) #NewsletterSubscriptions
* 2017-08-11 - [Bug] A post-upgrade hook for version 5.3.3 failed on a large number of products (~500k). Fixed. #BUG-5360 (Sergey Elmanov) #CustomProductTabs
* 2017-08-09 - [Bug] Cloud zoom was working incorrectly for the 2nd and further images. Fixed. #BUG-5355 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-08-09 - [Bug] During checkout, when returning from PayPal, the selected country was reset to USA. Fixed. #BUG-5351 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-08-04 - [Bug] "Total amount mismatch" error when returning from SagePay if an additional surcharge was enabled for the payment method on the SagePay end. Fixed. #BUG-5325 (Eugene Dementjev) #SagePay

