---
title: 5.3.2.0 - 30 November 2016
lang: en
layout: article_with_sidebar
updated_at: 2016-11-30 15:05 +0400
identifier: ref_5320changelog
order: 850
---

## Improvements

* 2016-11-30 - [Change] Fast Lane Checkout module code and UI improvement. #XCN-7165 (Eugene Dementjev) #FastLaneCheckout #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-11-24 - [Change] Mailchimp updated to API 3.0. Added support for Abandoned carts and Product Recomendations on the MailChimp end. #XCN-7198 (Michael Lipinski) #MailChimp

* 2016-11-18 - [Change] Option values can now be sorted for a specific product. The sort order of option values can now be applied globally for all products. #XCN-3487 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core

* 2016-11-16 - [Change] Now the "All Words" product search mode allows you to search for products based on the fields Product Title + Short Description + Full Descriptions taken together. #XCN-5968 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-11-16 - [Change] If a store has one country, and the country field is enabled, the country selection box is replaced by a text label at chackout and in the address book. #XCN-5863 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core

* 2016-11-14 - [Change] Now option values for which there are no existing variants are marked as disabled and cannot be selected on the product page. #XCN-7269 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #Wholesale #ProductVariants

* 2016-11-11 - [Change] Added a new page, Admin area -> Tools -> Integrity Check, where one can check what files of the core and default modules have been modified by the store owner and do not match the default files #XCN-7194 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-11-10 - [Change] Added a new email notification message - "A new review has been submitted" - which is sent to admin/vendor when someone adds a new product review. #XCN-7315 (Michael Lipinski) #ProductReviews

* 2016-11-03 - [Change] Added a new setting - "How to show variant prices in product lists" - with the options Default variant price / Price range. #XCN-7267 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductVariants

* 2016-11-02 - [Change] Improvement for the "Force customer to choose product options before adding a product to cart" setting. Now this setting has three possible values: No/On category listing/On category and product details page. #XCN-7273 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core

* 2016-11-01 - [Change] UI improvement for the section for adding related products. #XCN-7195 (Sergey Elmanov) #RelatedProducts

* 2016-11-01 - [Change] Minor improvements of Vat and Sales Tax settings. Added the setting Merchant Tax Number which, if not blank, shows on the invoice. #XCN-6967 (Vladimir Semyonov) #SalesTax #VAT

* 2016-10-28 - [Change] Next/Previous products module refactoring. #XCN-6849 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #NextPreviousProduct

* 2016-10-27 - [Change] In a store with a large number of products adding a new membership resulted in an error (memory limit exceeded/timeout). Now the process of adding a membership is performed iteratively. #XCN-7193 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #MultiVendor

* 2016-10-27 - [Change] Added support for the tags rel="alternate" hreflang="x" when using multiple languages. Also added these tags to sitemap.xml. #XCN-7129 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #SimpleCMS #XMLSitemap

* 2016-10-21 - [Change] Improvement of the VAT module. Added a new VAT number validation service: https://vatlayer.com #XCN-6625 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #VAT

* 2016-10-21 - [Change] Full-featured item list interface with pagination was added for the orders page in the Customer area. #XCN-6307 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin #MultiCurrency #VendorMessages

* 2016-10-21 - [Change] Added a new setting - "Only https" - on the HTTPS settings page, which allows users access to the Customer area only via https (http is not allowed). #XCN-7090 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-10-19 - [Change] Two new buttons added on the Cache managment page: "Recalculate view lists" and "Clear data and widget cache". #XCN-6873 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-10-19 - [Change] Improvement of the Google Analytics module; Enhanced Ecommerce support implemented. 
#XCN-6519 (Michael Lipinski) #GoogleAnalytics

* 2016-10-12 - [Change] CSS styles can now be edited without reloading the page with Layout editor enabled. #XCN-6271 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #ThemeTweaker

* 2016-10-11 - [Change] Performance optimization and refactoring for WebmasterKit. #XCN-6672 (Michael Lipinski) #WebmasterKit

* 2016-10-11 - [Change] Optimization of the generation of the sitemap xml file from the Admin area on a large number of products/categories/static pages. #XCN-6805 (Sergey Elmanov) #SimpleCMS #XMLSitemap

* 2016-10-05 - [Change] Refactoring of the functionality of activation/removal of disabled modules during an upgrade if these modules have upgrade hooks. Now such modules are removed during an upgrade. #XCN-6863 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-10-03 - [Change] For the module "Not Finished Orders", a new setting was added: "The order will be created" (possible values - "by payment callback (Failed + Cancel)' (the only option that was available previously) and 'by pressing “Place order” button' #XCN-6892 (Vladimir Semyonov) #Paypal #MultiVendor #NotFinishedOrders

* 2016-10-03 - [Change] Added special meta tags for mobile browsers: apple-mobile-web-app-capable and mobile-web-app-capable. Now it is possible to upload apple-touch-icon/icon on the Logo & Favicon page. #XCN-6055 (Michael Lipinski) #SimpleCMS

* 2016-09-20 - [Change] A link for access to order details and Order messages for anonymous buyer was included into email notifications. #XCN-6959 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #VendorMessages

* 2016-09-13 - [Change] Handling fee for shipping methods can now be specified as a percentage of the shipping cost amount. #XCN-6894 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-09-13 - [Change] Added support for multiple & partial refunds to core. Implemented for PayPal payment method. #XCN-5352 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #Paypal

* 2016-09-08 - [Change] Added a new page - "Clean URLs" - in the Admin area providing various clean URL related settings. Now it is possible to choose the format for Page Title. It is also possible to set the format of Clean URLs for a category (in etc/config.php). It is possible to set clean URLs for an arbitrary target (in etc/config.php). Added a redirect to the language subfolders: shop.com/fr, shop.com/de, etc. #XCN-6898 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-09-06 - [Change] Added the ability to edit email notifications via Theme Tweaker (Currently, only order notifications are supported). #XCN-6853 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core

## Fixes

* 2016-11-29 - [Bug] Not all the tax rates received from AvaTax were shown on the checkout page/invoice. #BUG-4209 (Michael Lipinski) #AvaTax

* 2016-11-29 - [Bug] Fatal error when editing a product, if the fields price / market price / sale price / weight were left blank. #BUG-4197 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #MarketPrice #Sale

* 2016-11-29 - [Bug] An anonymous user could not go to pay for their order via PayPal Express Checkout from any page, except for checkout. #BUG-4208 (Michael Lipinski) #Paypal

* 2016-11-25 - [Bug] A wrong URL for My settings -> Sales on vendor page. #BUG-4181 (Michael Lipinski) #MultiVendor

* 2016-11-24 - [Bug] Volume discounts created by a vendor were not showing up in the Admin area. #BUG-4164 (Michael Lipinski) #MultiVendor

* 2016-11-24 - [Bug] Layout can now be selected separately for the home page and the rest of the site pages. #BUG-4036 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core

* 2016-11-24 - [Bug] JS errors with the Mark Templates option of the WebmasterKit module enabled and Crisp White skin activated. #BUG-4186 (Sergey Elmanov) #WebmasterKit

* 2016-11-23 - [Bug] On the product editing page, it is now possible to switch the category selection widget mode: Tree search (the old selectbox with all the categories) or Categories search (the new widget allowing category search). #BUG-4106 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core

* 2016-11-23 - [Bug] Minor bugs related to the display of thumbnail images of products and categories in the Admin area. Fixed. #BUG-4167 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-11-23 - [Bug] Free shipping label on the product page was not displayed correctly under certain conditions. #BUG-4163 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-11-23 - [Bug] Fatal error in the Admin area on the Order messages page if selecting the filter 'Сommunication threads with open disputes'. This filter must only become available when the module Multivendor is enabled. #BUG-4159 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #VendorMessages

* 2016-11-22 - [Bug] Layout issues related to the payment methods Purchase order and Check on the checkout page in Crisp White skin. #BUG-4139 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #FastLaneCheckout

* 2016-11-22 - [Bug] For products with variants and a relative discount, a wrong old price was displayed; instead of the variant price, the product price was shown. #BUG-4156 (Sergey Elmanov) #Sale #ProductVariants

* 2016-11-22 - [Bug] Every time a category page is opened, the filters selected when the page was opened the previous time must be reset. #BUG-4144 (Michael Lipinski) #ProductFilter

* 2016-11-22 - [Bug] A wrong number of products was displayed for a category in the Flyout categories menu with the setting "Show the number of products in category" enabled. #BUG-4154 (Michael Lipinski) #FlyoutCategoriesMenu

* 2016-11-21 - [Bug] search do_search event was sent to Google Analytics with an empty string when the home page was opened. Now it is sent only when a search is done. #BUG-4133 (Michael Lipinski) #GoogleAnalytics

* 2016-11-21 - [Bug] In mobile view of the Standard skin, the name of the Messages menu item was not showing. #BUG-4115 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-11-21 - [Bug] Added more precise information as to what the module does to the module description. #BUG-4080 (Sergey Elmanov) #SimpleCMS

* 2016-11-18 - [Bug] In Crisp White skin, the last product could not be removed from the comparison list as the user was redirected to the home page when removing the last but one. #BUG-3894 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #ProductComparison #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-11-18 - [Bug] During an upgrade/update, two files were always showing as modified (vendor/composer/autoload_real.php and vendor/autoload.php). #BUG-4132 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-11-16 - [Bug] Spaces before and after the currency suffix/prefix are no longer cropped so that admin can use them to adjust the distance between the price and the currency symbol. #BUG-4100 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-11-16 - [Bug] Added styles for displaying list bullets in the description and short description on the product page. #BUG-4124 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-11-15 - [Bug] If a product is on sale and has a market price defined, the product's old price is defined based on the market price. #BUG-4045 (Sergey Elmanov) #MarketPrice

* 2016-11-15 - [Bug] Fatal error "PHP Fatal error:  Call to a member function select() on a non-object in classes/XLite/Module/XC/Reviews/Model/Repo/Review.php on line 68". Fixed. #BUG-4108 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductReviews

* 2016-11-14 - [Bug] Moved all the internal tabs of the Look & Feel page to the Look & Feel submenu. #BUG-4110 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-11-11 - [Bug] A FlyoutCategoriesMenu module setting was used in the core. Fixed. #BUG-4090 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-11-10 - [Bug] Menu label in mobile view could not be translated to other languages. #BUG-4032 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-11-10 - [Bug] In the pdf version of invoice, not all the currency icons were displayed correctly (caused by missing Unicode fonts) #BUG-4028 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core

* 2016-11-08 - [Bug] On category pages in the Admin area, the number of category products is shown in the format xx (yy), where xx is the number of products in the category itself, and yy - the number of products in the subcategories of that category. #BUG-4064 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core

* 2016-11-08 - [Bug] Catchable fatal error: Argument 1 passed to XLite\Module\XC\Mandrill\Model\Repo\MandrillMail::processEvent() must be of the type array, null given. Fixed. #BUG-4062 (Michael Lipinski) #Mandrill

* 2016-11-08 - [Bug] Added an image for the Greek flag to the distribution pack. #BUG-4010 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core

* 2016-11-01 - [Bug] Wholesale prices sorting in the Admin area did not function correctly. Fixed. #BUG-4011 (Michael Lipinski) #Wholesale

* 2016-10-31 - [Bug] VendorMessages: Minor design fix. #BUG-4001 (Michael Lipinski) #VendorMessages

* 2016-10-31 - [Bug] Refactoring of the file skins/customer/items_list/product/products_list.js, decomposition to make its modifications by modules easier. #BUG-4051 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core

* 2016-10-27 - [Bug] Renamed "Recent orders" to "Orders awaiting processing". #BUG-3999 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core

* 2016-10-27 - [Bug] Critical dependencies are now checked when enabling the setting "Send the PDF version of invoices in the attachments". #BUG-3946 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-10-25 - [Bug] Error on a transaction list with the module MultiVendor enabled and Not Finished Orders disabled. To fix the problem, a new directive was added - @Decorator\Rely (Relies on the module state, but - unlike @Decorator\Depend - does not affect the position.) #BUG-3994 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #MultiVendor #NotFinishedOrders

* 2016-10-21 - [Bug] Layout improvement for One step checkout in Crisp White skin. #BUG-3842 (Michael Lipinski) #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-10-21 - [Bug] Fatal error in the Admin area when attempting to edit the profile of a customer who does not have existing orders. #BUG-3979 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-10-20 - [Bug] Deadlock errors in log files when changing an address at checkout with the module VAT enabled and configured. #BUG-3955 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-10-18 - [Bug] Visual bug in Firefox browser in the Customer area header in Crisp White skin when the Thai language is enabled. Fixed. #BUG-3977 (Michael Lipinski) #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-10-18 - [Bug] Removal of all the customer sessions when the user's password is changed by the user or admin. Added the button "Terminate sessions" in the Admin area (on customer profile page). #BUG-3975 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-10-18 - [Bug] Added some important additional information on the Backup database / restore database page. #BUG-3947 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core

* 2016-10-13 - [Bug] Vendor commission payment transaction was not showing if the order was created with the status Authorized. #BUG-3968 (Michael Lipinski) #MultiVendor

* 2016-10-13 - [Bug] Added js validation for custom meta description on the product editing page to make sure it is not empty. #BUG-3958 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core

* 2016-10-13 - [Bug] Added an indicator of a product having been added (a blue dot) for the minicart icon and the icon of Product Comparison in Crisp White skin. #BUG-3926 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #ProductComparison

* 2016-10-11 - [Bug] Image from URL loader could not work with the protocol relative urls. #BUG-3941 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-10-10 - [Bug] Progress bar appearance improved for import/export in the Admin area. #BUG-3920 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #PitneyBowes #BulkEditing

* 2016-10-10 - [Bug] A wrong state list was displayed on the States page  (All the states were displayed instead of just the states for the selected country). #BUG-3949 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-10-04 - [Bug] EventTaskProgrss widget refactoring to promote easier modifications. #BUG-3893 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #AmazonS3Images #PitneyBowes #BulkEditing

* 2016-10-04 - [Bug] AOM: discountedSubtotal of an orderItem was not updated if the item price had changed. #BUG-3862 (Vladimir Semyonov) #Core #VAT

* 2016-10-03 - [Bug] Added a new setting for the module Multivendor: "Role to assign to new vendor users". This setting allows you to set the role with which all new vendors should be created. #BUG-3913 (Vladimir Semyonov) #MultiVendor

* 2016-09-29 - [Bug] Unnecessary multiple payment transactions were created in the database if the order was created with the module Multivendor enabled and configured to operate in the Separate shops mode. #BUG-3910 (Michael Lipinski) #MultiVendor

* 2016-09-28 - [Bug] Hebrew laguage flag added to the distribution pack. #BUG-3912 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-09-27 - [Bug] Multiple small layout bugs fixed for Crisp White skin. #BUG-3906 (Michael Lipinski) #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-09-27 - [Bug] Customer email address in an order can now be edited. Also, if the email address in a customer's user profile changes, the email address in all the orders by that customer is updated as well (provided that the email address in the orders is the same as the original email address in the user profile). #BUG-3790 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core

* 2016-09-23 - [Bug] Amazon S3 Images could not work with buckets whose name contained special characters. Fixed. #BUG-3900 (Sergey Elmanov) #AmazonS3Images

* 2016-09-22 - [Bug] Now the "Show low stock warning on product page" setting of a product can be exported/imported via csv file as 'lowLimitEnabledCustomer'. #BUG-3886 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-09-21 - [Bug] Amazon S3 images can now work with banner_rotator and category_banner images. #BUG-3873 
(Sergey Elmanov) #AmazonS3Images

* 2016-09-16 - [Bug] The "Refresh status" button on an order did not take into account the setting order_prefix of the payment method Pay With Amazon. #BUG-3866 (Sergey Elmanov) #PayWithAmazon

* 2016-09-15 - [Bug] Fatal error during the generation of sitemap.xml under certain conditions. Fixed. #BUG-3869 (Sergey Elmanov) #XMLSitemap

* 2016-09-15 - [Bug] Added md5 hash verification for Authorize.Net SIM payment method. #BUG-3851 (Eugene Dementjev) #AuthorizeNet

* 2016-09-08 - [Bug] Added og meta tags og:image:width and og:image:height for better image sharing on Facebook. #BUG-3841 (Michael Lipinski) #GoSocial

* 2016-09-07 - [Bug] The "Upgrade access level" option was disappearing from the Environment page when clicking "Check for updates". #BUG-3831 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-09-07 - [Bug] Layout issues on the Import page in the Admin area. #BUG-3819 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-09-02 - [Bug] "Order created" notification was not sent if the order was paid via Paypal Express Checkout. #BUG-3813 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-09-01 - [Bug] In clean URLs, the letters h/t/m/l at the end of a URL (separately or in any combinations) were cropped. #BUG-3812 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-08-31 - [Bug] In a product listing, a product was showing as Out of stock if its default variant was Out of stock, and the other variants were In stock. Now the product is showing as Out of stock only if all its variants are Out of stock. #BUG-3788 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #ProductVariants

* 2016-08-31 - [Bug] FedEx rates were not showing for Mexico because in the distribution 3-letter codes were used for Mexican states. Now 2-letter codes are used. #BUG-3800 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-08-30 - [Bug] The 'LOCALECODE' parameter was not passed when using PayPal Express Checkout. #BUG-3787 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Paypal

* 2016-08-30 - [Bug] Optimization of Crisp White styles and LessParser.php code to reduce memory usage when compiling less files to css. #BUG-3473 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-08-26 - [Bug] When the module Add to cart popup was disabled (not active), the message "Product has been added to your cart" was displayed all the same when adding a product to cart. #BUG-3776 (Michael Lipinski) #Paypal

* 2016-08-26 - [Bug] The maximum quantity available for purchase for variants was taken from the qty field of the default variant, not the variant chosen by customer. Fixed. #BUG-3777 (Michael Lipinski) #ProductVariants

* 2016-08-26 - [Bug] The login/registration popup in the Crisp White skin got closed if an error occurred during login/registration. #BUG-3774 (Michael Lipinski) #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-08-26 - [Bug] The button PayPal buy now was displayed for a variant even if it was out of stock. #BUG-3768 (Michael Lipinski) #Paypal

* 2016-08-26 - [Bug] An attempt to print two or more packing slips at the same time resulted in that the text of one of the slips was printed over the other. #BUG-3766 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-08-26 - [Bug] After importing an editable text field attribute for a product, the attribute was showing as not editable on the product page in the Customer area. #BUG-3771 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-08-25 - [Bug] PHP Fatal error in logs if attempting to log in as a non-existent customer. #BUG-3757 
(Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-08-25 - [Bug] Add2CartPopup was decorating Controller\Customer\Cart::addItem() in a wrong way. #BUG-3767 (Michael Lipinski) #Add2CartPopup

* 2016-08-25 - [Bug] A few typos in the code of PayPal payment method. Fixed. #BUG-3765 (Michael Lipinski) #Paypal

* 2016-08-24 - [Bug] The product import process froze if the module Amazon S3 images was enabled (active). #BUG-3729 (Vladimir Semyonov) #Core

* 2016-08-23 - [Bug] Refactored the feature displaying the text (for example, Drag and drop me to the cart) when pointing the cursor to a product in the product list on the storefront. #BUG-3419 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-08-22 - [Bug] Yes/No switch in the Admin area could not be translated into other languages. #BUG-3745 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-08-22 - [Bug] The top message telling the customer that the maximum order quantity (per product) for adding to cart has been exceeded was not showing up if the module Add to cart popup was enabled. #BUG-3726 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-08-22 - [Bug] Internal cron tasks were copied to separate tasks so that when cron is set up and internal cron is disabled they would be run all the same. #BUG-3742 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-08-22 - [Bug] Fixed the styles for the names of options on the product page in the Noblesse theme. #BUG-3747 (Michael Lipinski) #ColorSchemes

* 2016-08-22 - [Bug] Clean urls were not generated when products were imported with the clean url field blank. #BUG-3740 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-08-22 - [Bug] Added the ability to import/export custom tabs for products. #BUG-3730 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-08-22 - [Bug] A minor fix to ensure the compatibility of Pay With Amazon and X-Payments connector. #BUG-3754 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-08-22 - [Bug] A change of Arrival date did not activate the Save changes button on the product info editing page. #BUG-3746 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-08-22 - [Bug] "List view" adaptations on product listings in the Customer area for mobile devices. #BUG-3725 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-08-19 - [Bug] Now a grey placeholder can be displayed for images on page load. Implemented for Crisp White skin. #BUG-3491 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #ProductAdvisor #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-08-18 - [Bug] In mobile view + Crisp White skin, on product details page the image gallery was not showing up. #BUG-3596 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-08-12 - [Bug] During registration in the process of checkout in Crisp White skin, customer was redirected to the address book page. Now the customer remains on the checkout page. #BUG-3711 (Sergey Elmanov) #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-08-11 - [Bug] Various errors in the Mandrill module caused by the incompatibility of the module code with the code of the 53x version core. Fixed. #BUG-3703 (Michael Lipinski) #Mandrill

* 2016-08-11 - [Bug] The category block on the home page in mobile view in Crisp White skin was displaying in a wrong way. #BUG-3642 (Michael Lipinski) #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-08-11 - [Bug] Layout problems in the Shipping methods section at checkout in Crisp White skin. Fixed. #BUG-3708 (Michael Lipinski) #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-08-11 - [Bug] Dot is now considered an allowed character in Clean URLs. #BUG-3494 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-08-09 - [Bug] Now when the main image is deleted, scaled versions of the image are removed as well. #BUG-3686 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #AmazonS3Images

* 2016-08-09 - [Bug] Now the setting "Year when the store started its operation" can be adjusted to a year earlier than 1970. #BUG-3689 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

* 2016-08-09 - [Bug] Mighty Call service registration link updated. #BUG-3697 (Michael Lipinski) #MightyCallReact

* 2016-08-09 - [Bug] Layout improvement for the tags block in Crisp White skin. #BUG-3536 (Sergey Elmanov) #CrispWhiteSkin #ProductTags

* 2016-08-09 - [Bug] In the Warehouse mode in the module Multivendor, vendors must not have access to the fields Free shipping and Shipping Freight on the product editing page. #BUG-3607 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #MultiVendor #FreeShipping

* 2016-08-09 - [Bug] Filtering of product names for html entities before sending a request to Canada Post. #BUG-3647 (Sergey Elmanov) #CanadaPost

* 2016-08-09 - [Bug] Billing Address section layout improvement for Fast Lane Checkout in Crisp White skin. #BUG-3650 (Sergey Elmanov) #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-08-09 - [Bug] Added the Display mode setting for the Recently Viewed block, with possible values including text links and icons. #BUG-3483 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #ProductAdvisor #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-08-09 - [Bug] Added a new setting - "Transaction Type" - for SagePay form protocol payment method. #BUG-3690 (Michael Lipinski) #SagePay

* 2016-08-08 - [Bug] The maximum length of the "Description" field for offline payment methods is now 255 characters. #BUG-3631 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-08-08 - [Bug] Look and feel improvement for the Search page and the Advanced options block on that page in Crisp White skin. #BUG-3533 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-08-08 - [Bug] Layout improvement related to the filters block on category pages in Crisp White skin. #BUG-3481 (Michael Lipinski) #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-08-08 - [Bug] Improvement related to the tabs on the product details page. #BUG-3663 (Michael Lipinski) #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-08-05 - [Bug] When importing products, images are sorted according to the image sort order used in the csv file. #BUG-3627 (Vladimir Semyonov) #Core

* 2016-08-05 - [Bug] Theme Tweaker can now override templates from the skins/common folder (in manual mode when the templates are added to the folder theme_tweaker). #BUG-3683 (Michael Lipinski) #ThemeTweaker

* 2016-08-05 - [Bug] Removed the setting "The number of orders in the recent order list" which is no longer used. #BUG-3547 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-08-03 - [Bug] Updated the settings Mark upcoming products and Mark new products of the module Product Advisor. Instead of the values Yes/No, there are now 3 values available for selection: Nowhere / In catalog only / In catalog and product pages. #BUG-2354 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductAdvisor

* 2016-08-03 - [Bug] Sale statistics widget on the Admin area dashboard did not take into account the timezone set in the store settings. #BUG-3648 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-08-03 - [Bug] Root admin can now edit manual vendor transactions. #BUG-3437 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #MultiVendor

* 2016-08-02 - [Bug] The button "Reorder" in the mobile version was misplaced (located outside the order block). #BUG-3628 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-08-01 - [Bug] Uniform styles implemented for social buttons (The library https://github.com/ilyabirman/Likely is used.) #BUG-3490 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #GoSocial #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-07-29 - [Bug] "Origin address" renamed to "Ship-From address". #BUG-2968 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core

