---
title: 5.3.1.2 - 17 August 2016
identifier: ref_5312changelog
updated_at: 2016-08-17 00:00
layout: article_with_sidebar
lang: en
order: 935
categories:
- Changelog
---

## Fixes

*   2016-08-16 - [Bug] The phone field was not hidden from the invoice sent via email notification to vendor when the setting "Do not show customers’ contact information to vendors" was enabled. Fixed. #BUG-3724 (Michael Lipinski) #MultiVendor
*   2016-08-15 - [Bug] XC/AuctionInc: Weight calculation errors. Fixed. #BUG-3721 (Vladimir Semyonov) #ShippingCalc
*   2016-08-15 - [Bug] With the widget cache enabled, variant selection on the product page was not working correctly (The product price was updated, whereas the option names remained the default ones). Fixed. #BUG-3714 (verde) #ProductVariants
*   2016-08-15 - [Bug] JS error in FastLane checkout when an attempt was made to pay for the order using the DataTrans UPP method. Fixed. #BUG-3718 (Vladimir Semyonov) #FastLaneCheckout #DatatransUPP
*   2016-08-11 - [Bug] Product images had wrong proportions in the IE11 browser. Fixed. #BUG-3715 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin
*   2016-08-11 - [Bug] Category banner image was displayed with wrong proportions in the Safari browser. Fixed. #BUG-3712 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin
*   2016-08-10 - [Bug] Quick data was not updated when a product was created; as a result, the product could not sometimes be found in the Customer area. Fixed. #BUG-3700 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
*   2016-08-10 - [Bug] In the Standard skin, the button for going to the next step of FastLane checkout disappeared when the browser window width was 768px. Fixed. #BUG-3701 (Michael Lipinski) #FastLaneCheckout
*   2016-08-10 - [Bug] Header, greeting and signature could not be edited for email notifications if the setting "Mark templates" was enabled in WebmasterKit. Fixed. #BUG-3699 (Michael Lipinski) #WebMasterMode
*   2016-08-09 - [Bug] Text labels could not be translated into another language because of the error "The language you are trying to edit has not been found". Fixed. #BUG-3695 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
*   2016-08-09 - [Bug] Products without categories were not shown in the Customer area when searched for (One had to use a direct link to see them). Fixed. #BUG-3696 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
*   2016-08-08 - [Bug] In FastLane checkout, the fields that had not passed validation were not marked properly. Fixed. #BUG-3655 (verde) #Core #FastLaneCheckout #CrispWhiteSkin