---
title: 5.3.3.0 - 01 June 2017
lang: en
layout: article_with_sidebar
updated_at: 2017-06-01 09:41 +0400
identifier: ref_5330changelog
order: 820
---

## Improvements

* 2017-05-22 - [Change] Redesign and refactoring of the new vendor registration page. #XCN-7933 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #MultiVendor
* 2017-05-22 - [Change] New menu structure for the Admin area + menu redesign. #XCN-7914 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-05-19 - [Change] Redesigned the Marketplace page in the Admin area. #XCN-7996 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-05-03 - [Change] Small improvements for the module MailChimp. Added oauth authentication. Added Order notifications. #XCN-7858 (Michael Lipinski) #MailChimp
* 2017-05-02 - [Change] A custom color palette can be set for Froala WYSIWYG. #XCN-7929 (Michael Lipinski) #Froala
* 2017-04-27 - [Change] Added new settings for image resizing onto the Look & Feel -> Images page: Image quality after resize and Apply unsharp mask filter on resize. #XCN-7855 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-04-27 - [Change] Added a unique identifier for each variant - VariantId: it can be used to update variants via import without specifying the set of option values with which it was created. #XCN-7654 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #ProductVariants
* 2017-04-26 - [Change] Webmaster mode refactoring: added a Webmaster panel to the Customer area which includes the following elements: Edited templates, Layout editor, Custom css, Labels editor. #XCN-7827 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #ThemeTweaker #WebmasterKit
* 2017-04-25 - [Change] Refactored the way js code is inserted into textareas: now the root administrator can use this feature at any time, whereas the rest of the store administrators must be given a special permission for Unfiltered HTML. #XCN-6227 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #SimpleCMS #MultiVendor #News
* 2017-04-20 - [Change] If the country UK is selected, the State field becomes an input box with autocomplete (can be enabled by a setting in etc/config.php) #XCN-7854 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #FastLaneCheckout
* 2017-04-13 - [Change] Popups can now be edited in Webmaster mode. #XCN-7624 (Eugene Dementjev) #ThemeTweaker
* 2017-04-13 - [Change] In the USPS module, it is now possible to get rates not from USPS directly, but via Pitney Bowes. Also, if Pitney Bowes is selected as provider, it is possible to create shipments for orders and to print shipping labels. #XCN-7455 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #USPS
* 2017-04-10 - [Change] Images can now be uploaded via URL from file hostings: Google Drive / Dropbox / OneDrive. #XCN-5701 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-04-04 - [Change] Cart calculation optimization. Now the cart is recalculated completely only on the cart and checkout pages. #XCN-6220 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-03-23 - [Change] With the module Order messages, customer can now communicate with a vendor even if they haven't yet bought anything from that vendor. #XCN-7570 (Sergey Elmanov) #MultiVendor #VendorMessages
* 2017-03-22 - [Change] Code refactoring for the Contact Us module. #XCN-7724 (Sergey Elmanov) #ContactUs
* 2017-03-20 - [Change] Vendors can now configure their own shipping zones. #XCN-7621 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #MultiVendor
* 2017-03-20 - [Change] Added Cities to the definition of a zone. Improved the UI of the zone editing page. #XCN-7620 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-03-17 - [Change] Wholesale prices can now be set as a percentage of the product's base price. #XCN-7421 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #Wholesale
* 2017-03-02 - [Change] Admin/vendor can now reply to customer reviews. #XCN-7622 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #ProductReviews #MultiVendor
* 2017-03-01 - [Change] Categories can be edited via import without specifying the paths, simply via category id. #XCN-7552 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-02-22 - [Change] Customers can now leave feedback for vendors: feedback can be left after the product has been delivered (order status Delivered) and  may include three parts (Item as Described / Communication / Shipping Speed). #XCN-7571 (Eugene Dementjev) #ProductReviews #MultiVendor
* 2017-02-16 - [Change] Static pages can now be sorted. The sorting is then used on the Sitemap page. #XCN-7623 (Sergey Elmanov) #SimpleCMS #Sitemap
* 2017-02-13 - [Change] Vendors can choose files from the server when uploading Egoods files. #XCN-7488 (Michael Lipinski) #Egoods #MultiVendor
* 2017-02-13 - [Change] MultiVendor module refactoring: UI improvement for the Vendor area, UI improvement for the vendor page in the Customer area, improvement for the vendor widget on the product page. #XCN-7539 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #MultiVendor
* 2017-02-02 - [Change] Improvement for Custom Product Tabs module. Added the Global Tabs page that can be used to add tabs for all the products, as well as to sort them and the system tabs (description, specification, etc.) #XCN-7487 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #CustomProductTabs
* 2017-01-31 - [Change] UI improvement for displaying/adding a review on the product page. #XCN-7371 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #ProductReviews #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-01-23 - [Change] Multiple improvements for the modules E-Goods and PIN codes: added a new status for orders containing such products and awaiting approval; added a mode for showing only ESD shipping statuses; added a tab History of downloads to track the download of files. #XCN-7419 (Sergey Elmanov) #Egoods #PINCodes
* 2017-01-23 - [Change] In the core, added a way for real-time shipping methods to show actual information about the delivery time estimate returned by the shipping service. Implemented for FedEx. #XCN-7453 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #FedEx
* 2017-01-23 - [Change] Added an abstract widget for the upload of large files via AJAX. Implemented for the module Geolocation - for loading ip database by admin. #XCN-7451 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-01-10 - [Change] It is now possible to add multiple email addresses (and specify the main address) in the Contacts section. #XCN-7375 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #ContactUs #PINCodes #ProductVariants #SagePay #ProductReviews #CrispWhiteSkin #MultiVendor #VendorMessages #NetbanxHostedPayment
* 2016-12-15 - [Change] Cloud Zoom activation/deactivation feature added for the default skin and CrispWhite skin. Added the setting "Cloud Zoom: inside or outside" that can be used to control how Cloud Zoom is displayed. #XCN-7363 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #ColorSchemes #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2016-12-15 - [Change] It is now possible to edit text labels in the Customer area right on the spot. #XCN-7278 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #ThemeTweaker

## Fixes
* 2017-05-29 - [Bug] The sort order chosen for related products in the Admin area was not applied in the Customer area. #BUG-5049 (Michael Lipinski) #RelatedProducts
* 2017-05-29 - [Bug] Mandrill module improvements; the settings page has been included into the Email notifications menu. #BUG-5001 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #Mandrill
* 2017-05-26 - [Bug] The Look & Feel menu now contains a link to the "Edited templates" section; added a description to the "Layout" section. #BUG-4983 (Sergey Elmanov) #ThemeTweaker
* 2017-05-26 - [Bug] Templates were not saved in Webmaster mode. #BUG-5032 (Eugene Dementjev) #ThemeTweaker
* 2017-05-25 - [Bug] Vendor could submit data for vendor registration. #BUG-5007 (Michael Lipinski) #MultiVendor
* 2017-05-25 - [Bug] Vendor address was shown incorrectly on the invoice. #BUG-5004 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #MultiVendor
* 2017-05-25 - [Bug] The menu in the vendor part of the Admin area was showing incorrectly. #BUG-4994 (Michael Lipinski) #MultiVendor
* 2017-05-25 - [Bug] JS error on opening of the form for adding a vendor shipping method. #BUG-5002 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-05-25 - [Bug] Fatal error if a vendor uses the bulk edit all feature. #BUG-5013 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #Sale
* 2017-05-22 - [Bug] With a large number of products, the quick data recalculation could not be completed properly (memory limit exceeded). Fixed. #BUG-4996 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #XMLSitemap #BulkEditing
* 2017-05-22 - [Bug] Two different "order has been changed" email messages could not be sent to the same email address. #BUG-4872 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-05-19 - [Bug] Removed all instances of usage of the functions of mycrypt library from the code (deprecated in PHP 7.1.0) and added the phpseclib library. #BUG-4480 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #SagePay #MigrationWizard
* 2017-05-19 - [Bug] NULL in the import file did not remove option values. #BUG-4962 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-05-18 - [Bug] The button Buy now with PayPal was not working on the product page if In-context chechout was used. #BUG-4958 (Sergey Elmanov) #Paypal
* 2017-05-18 - [Bug] The Categories item in the mobile menu was present at all times, even if there were no categories. Fixed. #BUG-4930 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-05-18 - [Bug] Order statuses can now be bulk updated. #BUG-4923 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #MultiVendor
* 2017-05-12 - [Bug] UX improvement for global attributes on the product page. #BUG-4847 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-05-12 - [Bug] Replaced our own file cache with Doctrine FileCache. #BUG-4885 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-05-11 - [Bug] With the module Catalog enabled, there was a link to the Order list page that was not needed. Removed. #BUG-4874 (Sergey Elmanov) #Catalog
* 2017-05-11 - [Bug] When using Bulk edit, tags were added not to all of the selected products. #BUG-4883 (Eugene Dementjev) #ProductTags
* 2017-05-10 - [Bug] Vendors could remove an order from the panel selecting the order with a checkbox. Fixed. #BUG-4869 (Michael Lipinski) #MultiVendor
* 2017-05-10 - [Bug] Updated the description in the module Social login; added some links to the articles in the Knowledge Base. Added a setting for user_location permission request. #BUG-4818 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #SocialLogin
* 2017-05-10 - [Bug] The controller was functioning incorrectly with the module Developer mode disabled. #BUG-4841 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-05-10 - [Bug] Resolved some PHP 7.1 incompatibility issues. #BUG-4826 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-05-10 - [Bug] In the module Product Filter, it is now possible to control how selected parameters should be inserted into a URL: via hash parameters or via get parameters. #BUG-4765 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductFilter
* 2017-05-10 - [Bug] 301 redirect is now used when redirecting from http to https in the Customer area. #BUG-4866 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-05-08 - [Bug] Checkout error vue.js?1493975604:1018 [Vue warn]: v-on:click="toggleItems" if logged in as admin. #BUG-4854 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #ThemeTweaker #FastLaneCheckout
* 2017-05-05 - [Bug] The sidebar was blank in the singleSidebar mode. #BUG-4798 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-05-05 - [Bug] Removed support for the Operate as a user feature from the free license X-Cart package. #BUG-4810 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-05-05 - [Bug] On the vendor information page of a vendor who had not yet been approved or had been disabled by the administrator, the vendor's contact info could be seen. #BUG-4835 (Eugene Dementjev) #MultiVendor
* 2017-05-05 - [Bug] Fatal error on the product page with a review without a profile. #BUG-4844 (Eugene Dementjev) #ProductReviews
* 2017-05-05 - [Bug] Changed the appearance of the My account menu in Crisp White. #BUG-4658 (Sergey Elmanov) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-05-05 - [Bug] Added a link to the X-Cart landing page on the Beanstream module settings page. #BUG-4819 (Michael Lipinski) #Beanstream
* 2017-05-04 - [Bug] Typo in RESTAPI on the order page. #BUG-4848 (Michael Lipinski) #RESTAPI
* 2017-05-04 - [Bug] Minor style change for the module MyWishlist in Crisp White. #BUG-4624 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-05-04 - [Bug] If the module Multi-vendor is disabled, all the items are moved to the parent order, then any orders without an orderNumber are removed. #BUG-4843 (Sergey Elmanov) #MultiVendor
* 2017-05-04 - [Bug] Added view list to the \XLite\View\Address widget. #BUG-4776 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-05-04 - [Bug] Added a color picker for TinyMCE. #BUG-4793 (Sergey Elmanov) #TinyMCE
* 2017-05-03 - [Bug] Spacing issues on the Contact Us form when displayed on an iPhone. #BUG-4832 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-05-03 - [Bug] Fixed banner position for the PayPal Credit banner in CrispWhite. #BUG-4730 (Eugene Dementjev) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-05-02 - [Bug] If an attempt was made to import two files with the same name one after the other, only the first file was imported successfully. #BUG-4829 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-05-02 - [Bug] Fatal error when removing the module Multi-vendor (Fatal error:  Class 'XLite\Module\XC\MultiVendor\Logic\Vendors' not found in ../classes/XLite/Module/XC/MultiVendor/Core/Converter.php on line 40). #BUG-4831 (Eugene Dementjev) #MultiVendor
* 2017-05-02 - [Bug] Added a setting for enabling progressive jpeg. #BUG-4735 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-04-26 - [Bug] Customer registration finished with a Page not found page. #BUG-4700 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-04-26 - [Bug] Added the buttons Next / Prev order onto the order page. #BUG-4666 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #RuTranslation
* 2017-04-24 - [Bug] Refactoring of the class AGenerator and its successors. #BUG-4805 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #PitneyBowes #MailChimp
* 2017-04-24 - [Bug] Provided a way to disable the inclusion of company_name into the email subject. #BUG-4791 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-04-20 - [Bug] Removed the unused <li> tag on the product page. #BUG-4523 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Sale
* 2017-04-20 - [Bug] Added meta tags to the Vendor details page in the Multi-vendor module. #BUG-4720 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #MultiVendor
* 2017-04-20 - [Bug] Added UTC+- info to the time zone field. #BUG-4783 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-04-14 - [Bug] Moved the callback locking functionality from the module PayPal to core (for use with other modules). #BUG-4629 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #Paypal #Stripe
* 2017-04-11 - [Bug] The sidebar was blank in the My account section. #BUG-4769 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-04-11 - [Bug] If Phar was missing, an attempt to install a module or to start an upgrade caused a popup with warnings to be displayed. #BUG-4452 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #RuTranslation
* 2017-04-10 - [Bug] Contact Us page improvement. #BUG-4759 (Michael Lipinski) #ContactUs #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-04-06 - [Bug] It was not possible to go to checkout. #BUG-4770 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-04-05 - [Bug] Updated the Symphony/Yaml library. #BUG-4460 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-04-05 - [Bug] There were different tooltip.twig for the Admin and Customer areas. #BUG-4439 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #ThemeTweaker #ProductReviews
* 2017-04-05 - [Bug] On the payment transaction page, the link to the anonymous customer profile led to the access denied page. #BUG-4762 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-04-05 - [Bug] Changed the styles in the My Account section (in CrispWhite) on the "Address book" tab. #BUG-4487 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-04-04 - [Bug] Updated the cssmin.php library. #BUG-4754 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-04-04 - [Bug] Added a meta_upgrade_insecure setting to config responsible for Preventing Mixed Content. #BUG-4465 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-03-30 - [Bug] ItemsList improvement: added the ability to send default widget parameters as search parameters. #BUG-4586 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #FeaturedProducts
* 2017-03-29 - [Bug] Layout problems in the header in Crisp White if the menu required two or more lines. #BUG-4684 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #SimpleCMS #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-03-24 - [Bug] When a customer edits their product review, the store administrator now gets a bell notification. #BUG-4493 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductReviews
* 2017-03-24 - [Bug] The redirect from the page cart.php?target=category went to cart.php. #BUG-4537 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-03-24 - [Bug] Removed the Terminate profile sessions button for vendors. #BUG-4489 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-03-24 - [Bug] Refactoring of payment system callback processing. #BUG-4628 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #Paypal #Stripe
* 2017-03-24 - [Bug] Made the Textarea for Custom CSS/JS in the Admin area larger. #BUG-4689 (Sergey Elmanov) #ThemeTweaker
* 2017-03-24 - [Bug] Incorrect behavior in the developer mode when changing .less files. #BUG-4674 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-03-24 - [Bug] Changed the sorting by the name + email on the orders page in the Admin area. #BUG-4620 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-03-24 - [Bug] Changed some text and color on the product details page when adding a product to a comparison in Crisp White. #BUG-4491 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #ProductComparison
* 2017-03-24 - [Bug] Added the meta tag og:image to the home page and the tags for twitter for categories and static pages. #BUG-4442 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #GoSocial
* 2017-03-24 - [Bug] Added some icons and a history of unavailable files to the "Files" tab in My Account. #BUG-4479 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #Egoods #FileAttachments #MultiVendor
* 2017-03-22 - [Bug] Updated information on the availability of payment systems for different countries. #BUG-4314 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #AuthorizeNet #Skrill #TwoCheckout #YandexMoney #IdealPayments #SofortBanking #NetbanxHostedPayment
* 2017-03-22 - [Bug] If an error or warning occur during the import process, links to the knowledge base articles on the correct data import format are now provided. #BUG-4662 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-03-22 - [Bug] Added an information block with a link to the knowledge base onto the payment methods page. #BUG-4414 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #RuTranslation
* 2017-03-21 - [Bug] Small optimization: external resources are now loaded asynchronously. #BUG-4799 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-03-20 - [Bug] Logs in the var/log folder are now placed in subfolders by year/month to improve performance. #BUG-4557 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-03-16 - [Bug] Users registered via SocialLogin could not login. #BUG-4488 (Sergey Elmanov) #SocialLogin
* 2017-03-14 - [Bug] My account section changes. #BUG-4341 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #RuTranslation #CanadaPost #CrispWhiteSkin #FlyoutCategoriesMenu
* 2017-03-13 - [Bug] Restored the Delete option in the sticky panel, the products list and the bulk edit all button and added On/Off buttons for sale. #BUG-4388 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #RuTranslation #Sale #BulkEditing
* 2017-03-10 - [Bug] Changed the behavior of the drop-down menu when it has been expanded (with items). #BUG-4659 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-03-10 - [Bug] After restoredb, the Migration wizard must be disabled. #BUG-4660 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-03-06 - [Bug] In LayoutEditor, a block moved to the sidebar in the 2-column mode disappeared after switching to the 3-column mode. #BUG-4335 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #ProductAdvisor #Sale #ThemeTweaker #ProductFilter #ProductComparison #MultiVendor #ProductTags #News
* 2017-03-03 - [Bug] Substring parameter was lost during a search. #BUG-4651 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-03-03 - [Bug] Changed the design of the Credit card at checkout in CrispWhite. #BUG-4202 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #FastLaneCheckout #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-03-03 - [Bug] Added the button Activate license for Recently installed modules. #BUG-4304 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-02-28 - [Bug] The request to Request an update for your version is now sent using AJAX. #BUG-4421 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-02-28 - [Bug] The product field Vendor was blank if the field Company name in the vendor details was blank. #BUG-4313 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #MultiVendor
* 2017-02-27 - [Bug] Removed the notification to admin informing the admin that their profile has been changed. The password can be changed only by following the forgot password link or by entering the current password. #BUG-4023 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #RuTranslation
* 2017-02-20 - [Bug] Removed the code for the module Abandoned cart reminder from the module Mandrill. #BUG-4399 (Sergey Elmanov) #Mandrill
* 2017-02-17 - [Bug] Update inventory improvement; it has become possible to enter values like "+5" or "-5". #BUG-4397 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #UpdateInventory
* 2017-02-17 - [Bug] In the field Order ID or email, a range can now be specified like "5-10". #BUG-4349 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-02-17 - [Bug] Added a section checkout logos picture to one page checkout. #BUG-4398 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #FastLaneCheckout #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-02-16 - [Bug] The color of text on the message about a small number of product units left in stock was changed to red. #BUG-4454 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-02-16 - [Bug] Reduced the interval between the blocks in the filter in CrispWhite. #BUG-4188 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #MultiVendor
* 2017-02-16 - [Bug] On the page of a coming soon product there is now a button for adding to the comparison list. #BUG-4143 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-02-16 - [Bug] On mobile devices it was not possible to use scrolling on the login/registration popup. Fixed. #BUG-4490 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-02-16 - [Bug] In the Admin area on the users page a large number of similar jquery requests were executed. #BUG-4430 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-02-09 - [Bug] After switching the mode in MultiVendor from Warehouse to Vendors as separate shops, the printed invoice was blank. #BUG-4517 (Sergey Elmanov) #MultiVendor
* 2017-02-09 - [Bug] A previously approved vendor account can now be made unapproved. #BUG-4283 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #MultiVendor
* 2017-01-18 - [Bug] Moved the Arrival date setting to the section Prices & Inventory, as well as added it to the Inventory tracking tab. Changed the color and position of the "Coming soon" label on the storefront. #BUG-3878 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #ProductAdvisor #RuTranslation #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-01-18 - [Bug] If sale price and market price features were used at the same time, the sale price label got misplaced. #BUG-4416 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #MarketPrice #ProductAdvisor #Sale #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-01-16 - [Bug] Added the ability to choose the day on which the week starts. #BUG-4125 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #RuTranslation
* 2017-01-09 - [Bug] Resolved the Puerto Rico vs Realtime shipping problem: now it is a state of the USA or a separate country depending on what a specific shipping method deems is correct. #BUG-4404 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #USPS #CanadaPost #UPS #EMS #ShippingCalc #DHL
* 2016-12-22 - [Bug] Replaced PHP_SELF in the code by SCRIPT_NAME for security. #BUG-4306 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #Paypal
* 2016-12-06 - [Bug] Added a back to top button which appears in the Customer area on all the pages (except for checkout) if the user has scrolled down the page. #BUG-4107 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2016-12-06 - [Bug] When adding products to the comparison list, a notification is now displayed. Changed the text. When adding a product to the comparison list in the mobile version, an indicator is now displayed on the icon in the menu. #BUG-4608 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #RuTranslation #ProductComparison #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2016-12-06 - [Bug] Moved the Convert to vendor option to Profile Actions on the user page. #BUG-4703 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #MultiVendor


