---
title: 5.3.1 - 29 July 2016
identifier: ref_L2uasbvw
updated_at: 2016-07-29 00:00
layout: article_with_sidebar
lang: en
order: 945
categories:
- Changelog
---

## Improvements

*   2016-07-20 - [Change] Added the ability to include a changelog with module distribution packs. The changelog will be shown to the store administrator when updating/upgrading. #XCN-6743 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-07-11 - [Change] Improved the user interface for email notifications setup ( Admin area -> Store setup -> Email notifications). #XCN-6742 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-07-11 - [Change] Administrator can choose the type of software update they wish to install: only hotfixes (updating to the 4th digit of the version number) or both hotfixes and new features (updating to the 3rd digit). #XCN-6413 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-07-11 - [Change] Added a Flexy to Twig converter allowing the administrator to convert customized Theme Tweaker and Custom skin templates after an upgrade. #XCN-6720 (Vladimir Semyonov)


## Fixes

*   2016-07-27 - [Bug] Fatal error when removing a not finished order in the Admin area. Fixed. #BUG-3589 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-07-26 - [Bug] In the cart and minicart, an active Pay with Amazon button was displayed when the cart contained items with an unallowed quantity. #BUG-3576 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-07-26 - [Bug]  Fatal error when creating a product with a non-existent tag. Fixed. #BUG-3604 (verde)
*   2016-07-26 - [Bug]  Fatal error on the Disqus module settings page. Fixed. #BUG-3595 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-07-26 - [Bug] An incorrect search total was displayed on the orders page of the Vendor area. Fixed. #BUG-3581 (verde)
*   2016-07-26 - [Bug] A category could not be added/edited on the product page in the Vendor area. Fixed. #BUG-3605 (verde)
*   2016-07-26 - [Bug] Order search by vendor was not functioning in the Admin area. Fixed. #BUG-3599 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-07-26 - [Bug] Vendor image displayed on a product details page had wrong proportions. Fixed. #BUG-3580 (verde)
*   2016-07-26 - [Bug] Vendor could remove and create global search filters on the orders page. Fixed. #BUG-3582 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-07-26 - [Bug] Vendor could see some of the information about the orders of the other vendors. Fixed. #BUG-3600 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-07-25 - [Bug] The setting "All classes from this category" intended to influence the display of filters for a category was not working. Fixed. #BUG-3559 (verde)
*   2016-07-25 - [Bug] Orders created by anonymous customers had a "Messages" tab, which was not used. Removed. #BUG-3587 (verde)
*   2016-07-22 - [Bug] After a destination address was entered in the Estimate shipping cost popup to estimate the shipping cost for a shopping cart, clicking the Apply destination button caused the selected state to be cleared. #BUG-3558 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-07-22 - [Bug] Negotiated rates were not being returned from DHL although a DHL account details were provided in the store's DHL settings. #BUG-3551 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-07-22 - [Bug] Fast Lane checkout performance was improved by 30% #BUG-3527 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-07-22 - [Bug] The payment method PayPal Partner Hosted was not working for Fast Lane Checkout. Fixed. #BUG-3406 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-07-22 - [Bug] Attributes could not be removed on the product page in the store's back end. Fixed. #BUG-3560 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-07-22 - [Bug] Payment method could not be changed in AOM. Fixed. #BUG-3546 (verde)
*   2016-07-22 - [Bug] The store administrator could not create product ratings and reviews without specifying the name and email of an existing customer. Fixed. #BUG-3555 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-07-21 - [Bug] When a product was shared via Twitter and Pinterest, the space character was replaced with a "+". #BUG-3552 (verde)
*   2016-07-21 - [Bug] When selecting product options/variants on a product page, the product price was updated not only for the product whose options/variants were being selected, but also for the Next/Previous products. #BUG-3556 (verde)
*   2016-07-20 - [Bug] The notification about a failed transaction got duplicated. Fixed. #BUG-3517 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-07-20 - [Bug] Wholesale prices were displayed incorrectly for variants on the product page. Fixed. #BUG-3522 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-07-20 - [Bug] Pay With Amazon was not compatible with Fast Lane checkout. Fixed. #BUG-3497 (verde)
*   2016-07-20 - [Bug] Fast Lane checkout was working incorrectly for anonymous customers purchasing products not requiring shipping. Fixed. #BUG-3519 (verde)
*   2016-07-19 - [Bug] Tags could not be added to a product in the store's Admin area. Fixed. #BUG-3523 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-07-18 - [Bug] A Wholesale prices table was wrongly displayed on the product page after a membership-specific price had been set on the product and the Minimum purchase qty setting for that membership had been set to a number greater than 1. #BUG-3493 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-07-18 - [Bug] If a Paypal IPN was received earlier that the customer was returned from the Paypal payment form, the IPN was locked and sent no more. Now it also gets locked, but is sent again. #BUG-3499 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-07-18 - [Bug] The payment method Sofort was not working with Fast Lane checkout. Fixed. #BUG-3496 (verde)
*   2016-07-18 - [Bug] JS error during Fast Lane checkout in IE11 browser. Fixed. #BUG-3485 (Eugene Dementjev)
*   2016-07-15 - [Bug] Fatal error in logs when a Paypal IPN was received with the method Paypal Adaptive configured. #BUG-3470 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-07-15 - [Bug] The module Multi-vendor can no longer be disabled, only removed. #BUG-3391 (Maxim Kuznetsov)
*   2016-07-14 - [Bug] Fatal error when creating a static page with a blank content field. Fixed. #BUG-3471 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-07-14 - [Bug] When using the Simplify hosted method at checkout, the customer's note was not saved with the order. Fixed. #BUG-3469 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-07-13 - [Bug] When importing products with variants or with images, an error was generated (Import Error: "Error of image loading. Make sure the "images" directory has write permissions."). #BUG-3464 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-07-13 - [Bug] Stripe was not working with Fast Lane checkout. Fixed. #BUG-3460 (verde)
*   2016-07-13 - [Bug] Simplify and Simplify hosted were not working with Fast Lane checkout. Fixed. #BUG-3461 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-07-13 - [Bug] Multicurrency: The form for mapping currencies to countries was broken. Fixed. #BUG-3402 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-07-12 - [Bug] AmazonS3Module: Product variant images were not moved to the Amazon S3 server. Fixed. #BUG-3442 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-07-12 - [Bug] The Remove data page crashed due to memory overflow when removing a large number of entities from the store. Fixed. The removal process is now performed iteratively. #BUG-3440 (verde)
*   2016-07-12 - [Bug] Added the setting "Default order to sort products within a search result" to set the default sort order on the product search page. #BUG-3457 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-07-11 - [Bug] USPS: Added calculation of an intersection of shipping methods available for all packages. #BUG-3443 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-07-11 - [Bug] On the Users page in the Admin area, vendors can now be searched for not only by the name or email, but also by the Company Name. #BUG-3434 (verde)
*   2016-07-08 - [Bug] REST API: A wrong address was given when providing information about an order if the customer had more than one address in the address book. #BUG-3441 (verde)
*   2016-07-07 - [Bug] Added a search form on the Vendor statistics page. #XCN-6759 (verde)
*   2016-07-07 - [Bug] On the Vendor transactions page, a wrong transactions total was displayed when searching by a data range. #XCN-6785 (verde)
*   2016-07-07 - [Bug] Added pagination on the Vendor statistics page. #BUG-3411 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-07-01 - [Bug] In the product filter on a category page, attributes with only disabled products were displayed; selecting such attributes produced empty search results. Now such attributes are hidden in the filter. #BUG-3428 (verde)
*   2016-07-01 - [Bug] A fixed order for import was implemented for the cases when a user needs to import an archive with multiple csv files. The order is as follows: products, categories, classes and attributes, attribute values, reviews, customers. #BUG-3418 (verde)
*   2016-06-28 - [Bug] ShippingCalc: The product weight was sent without the product attributes used to change the base weight. #BUG-3407 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-06-28 - [Bug] Product search by variant SKU was not working in the Admin area. Fixed. #BUG-2666 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-06-27 - [Bug] XC/MultiCurrency module: Fixed the sorting order of currencies on the storefront. #BUG-3414 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-06-27 - [Bug] The modules Not Finished orders and Multivendor were not compatible. Fixed. #BUG-3157 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-06-27 - [Bug] Incorrect layout of the page displaying import verification errors when importing an archive with multiple csv files. Fixed. #BUG-3416 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-06-23 - [Bug] On the product page, module css files were loaded in the wrong order. Fixed. #BUG-3396 (verde)
*   2016-06-17 - [Bug] PayWithAmazon module: Fixed a potential js-error at checkout with a coupon applied. #BUG-3401 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-06-16 - [Bug] The subject of email notifications contained special HTML entities ('&amp;' instead of just '&') if the company name contained the '&' char. Fixed. #BUG-3399 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-06-16 - [Bug] Fatal error when entering a long number in the discount field on the Volume discounts page. Fixed. #BUG-3388 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-06-16 - [Bug] A volume discount of more than 100% could be created. Fixed. #BUG-3387 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-06-13 - [Bug] XC/SystemField: Error when exporting a product with defined UPC/ISBN values and importing it back. Fixed. #BUG-3392 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-06-13 - [Bug] CDev/Egoods module: Private attachments were not activated after a successful payment. Fixed. #BUG-3393 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-06-09 - [Bug] MultiVendor: A product page in the store's back end crashed (caused by memory overflow with a large number of users in the store's database). #BUG-3381 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-06-08 - [Bug] Nobless theme was displayed incorrectly in IE11. #BUG-3364 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-06-07 - [Bug] X-Cart fails under MySQL 5.7.x due to "ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY" sql_mode. Fixed. #BUG-3040 (Kirill Stadler)
*   2016-06-07 - [Bug] Export: Added an option to skip attributes from the export products file. #BUG-3368 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-06-07 - [Bug] CDev/Wholesale module: A wrong error message was displayed in the shopping cart if the cart contained items with a quantity less than the minimum allowed quantity. Fixed. #BUG-3366 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-06-07 - [Bug] USPS module improvement: Removed the ability to choose incompatible settings. #BUG-3001 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-06-07 - [Bug] When a payment via Paypal In-Context Checkout failed, a Failed transaction was not created. Fixed. #BUG-3311 (Michael Lipinski)
*   2016-05-27 - [Bug] CDev\AmazonS3Images: Infinite loop when some images could not be moved to/from S3. Added support for migrating the images linked to several objects. #BUG-3306 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-05-24 - [Bug] CDev/Sales module: Fixed the calculation of subtotal for products with a percentage sale discount. #BUG-3282 (Vladimir Semyonov)
*   2016-05-24 - [Bug] AOM: The address popup was not working correctly if an address field contained the '#' character. #BUG-3281 (Vladimir Semyonov)