---
title: 5.3.2.1 - 08 December 2016
lang: en
layout: article_with_sidebar
updated_at: 2016-12-13 16:26 +0400
identifier: ref_5321changelog
order: 849
---

## Fixes

* 2016-12-09 - [Bug] Fatal error on the Customer area home page for a signed-in vendor if the setting "Allow vendors to approve, reject and edit product ratings and reviews" was enabled. Fixed. #BUG-4302 (Michael Lipinski) #MultiVendor

* 2016-12-08 - [Bug] Pagination was missing on the Product Variants page. Fixed. #BUG-4293 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #ProductVariants

* 2016-12-08 - [Bug] Added responsive styles for the img tag in the sections product description/full description, product custom tabs, static pages description, category/front page decsription. #BUG-4285 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-12-07 - [Bug] When cloning a product, the product's description and short description were not cloned. #BUG-4272 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-12-07 - [Bug] Improvement for Tools -> Integrity Check. #BUG-4271 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-12-07 - [Bug] Fatal error when cloning a product with variants if the Admin area is configured to use a language other than the default one. #BUG-4279 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #ProductVariants

* 2016-12-07 - [Bug] Fatal error in logs when uploading last year's orders to MailChimp. #BUG-4266 (Michael Lipinski) #MailChimp

* 2016-12-07 - [Bug] Added debug_mode option to upgrade hook (This option was left out last time). #BUG-4273 (Michael Lipinski) #GoogleAnalytics

* 2016-12-07 - [Bug] Added a help tip with information on how to set up "Relay Response URL" on the Authorize.Net SIM settings page. #BUG-4265 (Eugene Dementjev) #AuthorizeNet

* 2016-12-06 - [Bug] When editing an order containing products from two vendors, the subtotal got doubled. #BUG-4160 (Sergey Elmanov) #MultiVendor

* 2016-12-06 - [Bug] UI improvement for the Store Setup -> Clean URLs page. #BUG-4244 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-12-06 - [Bug] AJAX requests did not work with Clean URLs enabled and the setting use_language_url set to "Y" #BUG-4267 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-12-05 - [Bug] The setting "Number of products in the bestsellers list" was ignored if the section Bestsellers was moved from the central area to the sidebar. #BUG-4255 (Michael Lipinski) #Bestsellers

* 2016-12-05 - [Bug] The address was not updated at checkout if all the countries in the store but one were disabled. #BUG-4252 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #PitneyBowes #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-12-05 - [Bug] The Quick view popup header is now a link to the product in Crisp White skin. #BUG-4225 (Michael Lipinski) #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-12-05 - [Bug] On the Sitemap page, categories are now shown in the first place. #BUG-4250 (Michael Lipinski) #Sitemap

* 2016-12-05 - [Bug] In the Operate as user mode, it was not possible to choose the Phone ordering method at checkout. #BUG-4253 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-12-05 - [Bug] Improvement for Fast Lane checkout layout in Tablets view. #BUG-4234 (Eugene Dementjev) #FastLaneCheckout #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-12-05 - [Bug] Fixed the font size for nested categories of the 3rd level on the Sitemap page. #BUG-4251 (Michael Lipinski) #Sitemap

* 2016-12-05 - [Bug] Fatal error on product page if the product page is accessed without the saved cookies. #BUG-4262 (Eugene Dementjev) #NextPreviousProduct

* 2016-12-05 - [Bug] Fatal error in logs when editing an order with a coupon that was removed. #BUG-4237 (Michael Lipinski) #Coupons

* 2016-12-05 - [Bug] Fast Lane checkout page looped in infinite reloads after payment methods had been switched quickly. #BUG-4259 (Eugene Dementjev) #FastLaneCheckout

* 2016-12-05 - [Bug] Decorator now takes into account the getDependencies module function. If a certain module depends on another one, then by default its files in the process of decoration will be placed after the files of the module on which the module depends. If a different order is required, the @Decorator\Before annotation must be used. #BUG-4230 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-12-02 - [Bug] When using the 'login as vendor' mode, not all of the admin session data were removed. #BUG-4149 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-12-02 - [Bug] The upgrade hook 5.3/2/post_rebuild.php moved from the skin CrispWhite to core. #BUG-4240 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin

* 2016-12-02 - [Bug] The link "Clean URLs are disabled. More info" now correctly points to the Clean URLs setup page. #BUG-4242 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-12-02 - [Bug] The field categoryAdded in the table order_item is now nullable. #BUG-4241 (Michael Lipinski) #GoogleAnalytics

* 2016-12-02 - [Bug] Fixed the "Open storefront" link shown on the page after a successful upgrade. Now the fact that the storefront may be closed is taken into account, and a private link is used. #BUG-4228 (Michael Lipinski) #Core

* 2016-12-02 - [Bug] Fatal error on category page with the module 'Next & Previous Products' disabled and the module 'Product Advisor' enabled. #BUG-4239 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #ProductAdvisor

* 2016-12-01 - [Bug] Typo in the loadData function of the REST API module #BUG-4232 (Michael Lipinski) #RESTAPI

* 2016-12-01 - [Bug] Fatal error in the 5.3/2 upgrade hook of the module VAT. Fixed. #BUG-4231 (Eugene Dementjev) #VAT

* 2016-11-30 - [Bug] VAT was not updated on the checkout page when changing the address if only one shipping method was available for selection. #BUG-4166 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #VAT
