---
title: 5.3.2.9 - 02 May 2017
lang: en
layout: article_with_sidebar
updated_at: 2017-05-02 16:20 +0400
identifier: ref_5329changelog
order: 840
---

## Improvements
* 2017-03-29 - [Change] Changed the evaluation notice. A countdown timer is displayed in the header and in the popup title. The title is changed when the trial period expires. The purchase button adds Business to cart and sends the user to the marketplace checkout. In the admin area, a popup notifying of a license error is displayed on every event after the trial expires. #XCN-7694 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #RuTranslation #Concierge
* 2017-03-20 - [Change] Removed the payment methods Skrill Solo and Skrill Laser (These methods are no longer supported). #XCN-7593 (Michael Lipinski) #Skrill

## Fixes
* 2017-04-24 - [Bug] With a large number of products selected, the process of bulk editing was interrupted with an error when changing the categories. #BUG-4779 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #BulkEditing
* 2017-04-24 - [Bug] Vendor can now be changed with Bulk Editing. #BUG-4804 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #MultiVendor
* 2017-04-24 - [Bug] Cache rebuilding was initiated on a request to cart.php (must be initiated only on a request to admin.php). Fixed. #BUG-4825 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-04-21 - [Bug] When using notfinishedorder and paying for the order with PayPal Express, an error occurred. #BUG-4797 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #Paypal #MultiVendor #NotFinishedOrders
* 2017-04-21 - [Bug] When importing customers, one of the arguments was defined by a wrong data type. #BUG-4820 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-04-21 - [Bug] Unconditional call for core.registerResources sometimes caused a js error. #BUG-4801 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-04-21 - [Bug] Social buttons on the product page disappeared after adding a product to cart. #BUG-4821 (Sergey Elmanov) #GoSocial
* 2017-04-21 - [Bug] Checkout could not be completed if default State was "Select one". #BUG-4814 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-04-20 - [Bug] Incorrect work of the module BulkEditing for vendors. Fixed. #BUG-4811 (Michael Lipinski) #BulkEditing
* 2017-04-18 - [Bug] SQL error if adding a free product to an order with $0 total. Fixed. #BUG-4809 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core
* 2017-04-18 - [Bug] Added button titles to the sticky panel of item lists on the reviews page. #BUG-4657 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #RuTranslation
* 2017-04-14 - [Bug] Sitemap display issue on mobile devices. Fixed. #BUG-4796 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-04-14 - [Bug] Removed a few commented out code lines. #BUG-4794 (Michael Lipinski) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-04-13 - [Bug] PDF invoices were attached to email notifications twice. #BUG-4790 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-04-13 - [Bug] Lengthy attribute names were displayed with words overlapping on mobile devices. #BUG-4767 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #ColorSchemes
* 2017-04-13 - [Bug] Included information on the payment and shipping statuses again into Order has been changed notifications. #BUG-4637 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-04-13 - [Bug] Fixed a layout issue in the edit review popup. #BUG-4712 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductReviews
* 2017-04-12 - [Bug] On the Users page, for countries with states, it is now possible to find the users from all the states of the country taken together (not just from individual states). #BUG-4781 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-04-12 - [Bug] On the SEO settings page, a wrong page title of the home page was displayed if a custom page title had been set. #BUG-4789 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-04-12 - [Bug] In crispwhite, the authentication form on mobile devices could not be scrolled. #BUG-4763 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-04-12 - [Bug] Changed the color of the button displayed on the form that is seen when installing modules from the marketplace if there are updates for the modules that are already installed. #BUG-4787 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-04-11 - [Bug] With the module Multivendor enabled, when placing an order, a duplicate payment transaction with the "Initialized" status was created. #BUG-4774 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #MultiVendor
* 2017-04-11 - [Bug] After a store was redeployed, a shipping method in an order was shown as deleted. #BUG-4746 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-04-10 - [Bug] Transaction search by status did not work on the Payment transactions page. #BUG-4764 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-04-07 - [Bug] After removing orders, Bestsellers were not recalculated. Fixed. #BUG-4760 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-04-06 - [Bug] Code refactoring to eliminate the risk of image loss as a result of an image being removed from the local server before it is moved to Amazon S3. #BUG-4513 (Sergey Elmanov) #AmazonS3Images
* 2017-04-04 - [Bug] Added a new setting show_initialized_transaction to config; the setting is responsible for the display of payment transactions in the initialized status. #BUG-4755 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-04-03 - [Bug] SKU on the product details page could be left blank. #BUG-4753 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-04-03 - [Bug] In bestsellers statistics, it is now possible to select only products available for sale. Bestseller names are now taken not from orders. #BUG-4743 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #MultiVendor
* 2017-03-31 - [Bug] Vendor commissions were processed in a wrong way when processing IPN callback from PayPal. Fixed. #BUG-4729 (Sergey Elmanov) #MultiVendor
* 2017-03-31 - [Bug] The sorting of products by rating in the customer area was incorrect. #BUG-4742 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductReviews
* 2017-03-31 - [Bug] Removed pagination from the orders table on the dashboard. #BUG-4714 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-03-31 - [Bug] Converge payment method now takes into account whether HTTPS is enabled. #BUG-4688 (Michael Lipinski) #Converge
* 2017-03-30 - [Bug] Vendors could not download the file attachments of their own products. Fixed. #BUG-4745 (Michael Lipinski) #MultiVendor
* 2017-03-30 - [Bug] Layout issue related to the display of minicart with the module MyWishlist enabled. #BUG-4734 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-03-29 - [Bug] Warning: Invalid argument supplied for foreach() in module SimpleCMS. Fixed. #BUG-4738 (Michael Lipinski) #SimpleCMS
* 2017-03-29 - [Bug] Updated the logo, changed the module name. #BUG-4593 (Michael Lipinski) #Beanstream
* 2017-03-29 - [Bug] Notice: A non well formed numeric value encountered in GoogleAnalytics module. Fixed. #BUG-4739 (Michael Lipinski) #GoogleAnalytics
* 2017-03-29 - [Bug] In Crisp White, after adding a product to the shopping cart from the details page, the carousel with detailed images stopped functioning. #BUG-4723 (Michael Lipinski) #CrispWhiteSkin
* 2017-03-29 - [Bug] If an email address was removed from newsletter subscriptions, the user with the same email address got deleted. #BUG-4732 (Sergey Elmanov) #NewsletterSubscriptions
* 2017-03-29 - [Bug] Fixed the ckeckup code in Controller/Customer/Storage. #BUG-4626 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-03-29 - [Bug] Fatal error when searching for  reviews by keywords string. Fixed. #BUG-4741 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductReviews
* 2017-03-29 - [Bug] After removing a global attribute, variants created using that attribute remained. #BUG-4718 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductVariants
* 2017-03-28 - [Bug] In Admin area, one could not create or update/approve of an anonymous review. #BUG-4728 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #ProductReviews
* 2017-03-28 - [Bug] In AOM, the information about a product's attributes was not updated when editing an order. #BUG-4691 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-03-28 - [Bug] Admin role was reset if the admin user changed the password in their profile. #BUG-4725 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-03-27 - [Bug] Spaces in the beginning and in the end of a search phrase in the "Exact phrase" mode were not trimmed. #BUG-4722 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-03-27 - [Bug] PIN codes could not be added with the allow_url_fopen option disabled. #BUG-4695 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #PINCodes
* 2017-03-24 - [Bug] A fatal error when exporting a large number of products due to memory limit exceeded. Fixed. #BUG-4721 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-03-23 - [Bug] Wrong redirects after customer authorization/logout. #BUG-4701 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-03-23 - [Bug] When some countries were disabled, users were searched for only in countries that were enabled. #BUG-4699 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-03-23 - [Bug] Styles contained references to missing images. #BUG-4609 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-03-23 - [Bug] Shipping cost was calculated incorrectly if shipping freight was set for one of the products. #BUG-4690 (Sergey Elmanov) #FreeShipping
* 2017-03-23 - [Bug] Search by vendor in the Admin area did not work. #BUG-4705 (Sergey Elmanov) #MultiVendor
* 2017-03-23 - [Bug] Layout issues on the products page in the Admin area if there were items included into the actions menu for selected products brought about by a third party module. #BUG-4708 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-03-23 - [Bug] Layout issues on the pdf invoice with lengthy product names. #BUG-4707 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
* 2017-03-23 - [Bug] If a text label value was blank, the text label name was returned. #BUG-4665 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-03-23 - [Bug] Brought the checkup of file availability at a URL to a unified form. #BUG-4151 (Eugene Dementjev) #Core #XMLSitemap
* 2017-03-22 - [Bug] Apostrophes were escaped in email subject. #BUG-4696 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #ContactUs #Egoods #CanadaPost #PINCodes #ProductVariants #ProductReviews #PitneyBowes #MultiVendor
* 2017-03-21 - [Bug] The setting 'E-mail address of the message recipient' in the Contact us module had a wrong Russian translation. #BUG-4650 (Michael Lipinski) #RuTranslation
* 2017-03-17 - [Bug] When GA was blocked by third party extensions (for example, Ghostery), Fast Lane Checkout did not work. #BUG-4670 (Michael Lipinski) #GoogleAnalytics
* 2017-03-17 - [Bug] Typo "necessry" in Includes/install/translations/en.php:111 #BUG-4648 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-03-17 - [Bug] Transaction ID is no longer shown on the invoice for offline payment methods. #BUG-4672 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-03-17 - [Bug] If in PayPal settings an email address was entered in the "Email address to receive PayPal payment" field, but the method "АPI credentials for payments and post-checkout operations" was selected, the setting "PayPal account e-mail" in PayPal Credit was blocked. #BUG-4649 (Michael Lipinski) #Paypal
* 2017-03-16 - [Bug] Vendor could see a link to the profile of a product reviewer. #BUG-4656 (Sergey Elmanov) #ProductReviews #MultiVendor
* 2017-03-16 - [Bug] The right block in the pagination widget on the order list in the Admin area was misplaced when PayPal module was disabled. #BUG-4653 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core #MultiVendor
* 2017-03-16 - [Bug] In MailChimp, total_spent was calculated incorrectly. #BUG-4680 (Michael Lipinski) #MailChimp
* 2017-03-16 - [Bug] If using a price modifier for an attribute and WholeSale, a negative order total could be received. #BUG-4685 (Michael Lipinski) #Core
* 2017-03-16 - [Bug] DHL shipping method name was not always displayed at checkout. #BUG-4681 (Michael Lipinski) #Core #DHL
* 2017-03-14 - [Bug] The phrase "Password and its confirmation do not match" did not have a Russian translation. #BUG-4618 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #RuTranslation
* 2017-03-14 - [Bug] On the Google Analytics module settings page, the settings "Enable eCommerce Google Analytics", "Register purchase only on Paid status change" and "Debug mode" did not have Russian translations. #BUG-4623 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #GoogleAnalytics #RuTranslation
* 2017-03-14 - [Bug] In Crisp White, on the Contact us page, a blank form-item was added with recaptcha disabled. #BUG-4619 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core #ContactUs
* 2017-03-14 - [Bug] Changing the attributes in the cart after choosing for the second time a variant that was out of stock caused the form to freeze. #BUG-4643 (Maxim Kuznetsov) #Core
* 2017-03-14 - [Bug] Beanstream could not be found when adding a new payment method with either US or Canada selected in the country drop-down. #BUG-4532 (Michael Lipinski) #Beanstream
* 2017-03-10 - [Bug] If the option "Send the PDF version of invoices in the attachments" was enabled and the Order created notification for admin was disabled, the buyer got a notification with two pdf invoices attached instead of one. #BUG-4669 (Sergey Elmanov) #Core
